We'll see you next time. Ho ho
here we are for the final show
for this year. Everybody, it's
good to see you. We got Doc and
Joe and London. Everybody's
here. Hi, everybody. And we'll
have a few more that come and
join us a little bit shortly.
So, those that are here, we'll
get the show started cuz there
are a few people that are
already listening right off the
bat. So, we're gonna be doing a
live event and not just in chat
but in actually go into the
comments post show. We will be
picking out people for
potential draws throughout
that. Um I'm gonna help out a
little bit today and be on
camera with you guys but I'm
gonna run around with the kids
too. So, if I if I pop out,
that's why. Uh who else? Who am
I missing here? Oh, wait. I got
one more in the audience. There
we go. We got everybody.
Awesome. So, why don't you get
started? Okay, well, it's it's
our the Christmas episode. We're
gonna do a few giveaways. It's
great to see you guys back. Uh
we have a lot to be thankful
for this year for sure. It was
a good Thanksgiving for me and
my my dad turned 90 this year
and he's still with he's still
with me. So, I'm I'm knock on
wood. I'm thankful. That's
good. Good to see all of you
guys. I was I was hoping that
that somehow during the show,
we could do some like a little
story time. We can tell us
about like some story about the
good old days that we we you
know, because we've we've been
through a lot. You know what I
mean? We're we've we've been
through the illegal market and
now the legalization, you know,
trying to struggle to to make a
buck and and back in the old
days, there's some pretty
pretty hairy stories that I can
I can I can share uh but I'll
share one really quick off the
bat as uh we we were growing
cannabis in a house. We'd meet
uh we'd meet another buddy.
We'd rent a house and we had a
room and it would be wall to
wall cannabis, right? In that
extra room, we'd rent a
three-bedroom, four-bedroom
house and we had this one house
all planted up and uh and the
windows all blocked out so
people couldn't see the metal
halide lights from outside and
the landlord somehow poked a
hole in the plywood and found
out that I was growing there
and called the cops. Well, I'm
I get a knock on the door and
the cops are wanting to come
into the house and I had to to
to go to the bathroom and and
and I knew they'd be back
pretty short order with a
warrant. So, I took that all
the cannabis and I gathered up
and I ran out in the backyard
and I hid it right under where
I had pet ducks. I had pet
ducks with a little pond and
the ducks would crap all on the
edge of the pond and the
plastic over the pond with you
know, they just stand there and
so I hit all the cannabis under
the duck **** and the plastic
on the pond and put some water
up on the duck **** and it kind
of went there and the cops
they came back with their
warrant. They locked me in the
car for about an hour in the
heat and and wrote me up for
something. I forget what it
was but I dodged a bullet, you
know, and and that's not the
only bullet I'm I've dodged.
I'm sure maybe Joe hasn't
dodged a bullet. He looks
pretty nice but the rest of
these guys, I'm sure have
dodged a bullet. You you you
got any crazy stories about
the the day there where you
were driving around with a ten
pack in the backseat and
you know, strapped to the back
of the Harley knock. Yeah, you
know, I've got my fair share of
outlaw story. Sure. Absolutely
man. I mean, you know, there's
it's been a journey for five
**** decades and running the
triangles really, you know,
it's a journey all in itself.
Probably let's see a near
bullet one. One time I was
rolling rogue across the
country and I got pulled over
by a CHP and you know, and I'm
an old **** vet and I've got
my spec ops ring on and
wearing some kind of shirt
that says I'm **** been blown
up and shot up and we stopped
and talked and before it was
over with, he's sitting there
on the side of the road
talking with me and right
behind me, I got ten pounds of
weed sitting there right
behind me. You know, just keep
your cool and don't is the
some of my old friends say,
you know, shut the **** up but
I drifted the story completely
to being in the military which
he was as well. Thank god but
that was probably one of the
closest ones where I've
literally had his elbow on the
box and I'm not know that was
box full of flour behind me,
you know, in the middle of the
country, rogue is all get out
and there's a bunch of them
honestly, Ron, you know, Jesus
Christ, man. I don't know how
many I should be telling quite
honestly. The one that got me
in the one that got me in the
trouble most was a 92. You
know, that's the one that got
we got in the most trouble too
was getting a gunfight with the
Mendocino Sheriff's and the
**** that group that was in
there back in Covolo, you know,
30 years ago. That's probably
the most outlandish thing that
ever really happened. You know,
but there's a lot of them, a
lot of just the day in and day
out of what we dealt with back
in the day, you know, and
Kevin can kind of testify this,
you know, the triangle back 30
years ago was a real wild west
kind of a place, man. And, you
know, you didn't really come in
here haphazardly and then to go
back into the 80s and the 70s
even go farther back into it.
It was a real notorious kind of
a place. But over the years,
it's gotten, I don't know if
it's any easier and easier. I
kind of like the outlaw day
where they respected what we
did and what we got for our
flower was a hell of a lot more
than what it is now. You know,
we're all better at it, but we
don't really, you know, it's
not valued like it was when
there was such a high price to
pay for being in the game. I
believe the price was much
greater and more significant
than what it is now. Anyway,
Ron, I'll run down some other
rabbit holes, but that the one
with the CHP or not even CHP
was a frickin Arkansas Highway
Patrol to be truthful about was
Arkansas Highway Patrol. And
thank God he was like a frickin
Marine and an old green beret.
And they just love the shit out
of the old green berets. And it
kept me out of a jail cell, I'm
sure getting handcuffed, but he
literally had his elbow on the
box that had all the flour in it
right outside, literally leaning
on that box talking to me. So it
was about as close as I've ever
been to where they had their
hands on it and couldn't smell
it. Thank God, because we some
flower packing fools in the
triangle. I think we kind of put
turkey bags on the market back
in the day. That's one of the
funny story. I'm sure Kev will
and Russell testify to you going
to the damn grocery stores,
convenience stores, fricking gas
stations in October, November,
man, there's literally mountains
of turkey bags piled up and, you
know, all these little shops
that never carry them except for
once in a blue moon. But that
double turkey bag and that they
sure saved my old butt. So
anyway, brother, that's how you
knew it was a good year, though,
man, you'd be going through the
supermarket and you'd have two
or 300 boxes in your in your
shopping cart. And you'd look
and it would be all these other
dudes with the same thing. And
you'd all be looking at each
other just giggling because you
knew it was a great year. You
know, there was there was
literally this is true, too.
Oh, shit. My son's going off
right now. There was the
Alder Point store, right? So the
Alder Point store gets a call
from Dow Corning and Dow
Corning asked him, hey, how do
you market turkey bags? And the
lady I know the son and the mom
says, well, I don't know why.
What? Why are you asking us?
And they said, because you sell
more turkey bags in any spot in
America. And and all of a
sudden she gets nervous. And
they said, yeah, when we do the
data, it's equivalent to every
single person in Humboldt eating
three chickens a day. And so,
you know, the quantity of herb
was just ridiculous because
you're talking about this shit.
I was thinking about this time
right where I had a 50 pack I
was trying to push and I
couldn't get rid of it. And it
was in my trunk and I forgot
the damn thing in my car. And
that's how you know you're
moving so much weed that you
forgot you got 50 pounds in
your trunk. And I open up my
trunk. Oh, shit. There's a 50
pack in there. You know, like
it was just a really different
time. And I'm grateful that I
got to live through it.
Still alive, but man, it just
really recalibrates your ideas
of what cannabis is because
you're touching so much, you're
seeing so much. And now it's a
lot easier and you have a lot
better infrastructure and
facilities and the science is
out and there's so much more
education, you know, overall.
But the respect between the
participants is different and
that's what I don't like to
change. I liked it when if you
fucked up, you got punished and
it created a radically different
level of, I would say, gangster
etiquette. And it just made it
a really, really unique time
period in my life. And now, you
know, if you're in illegal
cannabis and you're dealing
with the distro, fuck, these
guys are robbing you more than
the cops ever did. So it's
really different and you don't
have an ability to go extract
your shit out of them like we
used to, where if you screwed
me in the day, I could go visit
you. And now, you know, you
don't have those options and
I'm not one to advocate, you
know, for aggressive behavior,
but it seems like it has an
influence on how people behave.
Yep, for sure. When someone
pounds your face down into a
hamburger and you got to go
home and tell everybody what
happened because you pissed
somebody off by something, you
know, that's not a good, you
know who's going to rip you off
back in the day. I remember one
time someone came into the
house and they had samurai
swords and baseball bats. Well,
they got everything that we had,
I'll tell you, because we
weren't going to stand up for
it. But the two guys that the
weed was, they went over there
and they trashed the guy's mom's
house because he was living at
his mom. So, it was a rough day
back in the day, I'll tell you,
because we so much stuff you
could get caught for, you know,
and do a lot of time. I knew
people that got caught for doing
way less than I ever did and I
never got caught. Thank
goodness. So, it's good. Russ,
what? I haven't heard any of
your backstory. Have you been a
little gangster during that
during your lifetime? Yeah, I
mean, yeah, you can say that
from time to time. I've dabbled
in gangster behaviors. But, you
know, I've been pretty lucky.
I've always had enough acuity to
fly to not get legally in
trouble. I've always stayed out
of that realm. But, you know,
yeah, like, I mean, just
thinking about funny stories
from the past, like back in
college in Virginia in like
1999 or 98. I don't even
remember, but growing weed in
like closets and the landlord
comes in and sees it. And then
we're like, have to get boxes
and we're like moving these
fucking flowering plants and
these huge boxes because the
penalties back then I don't
even know, probably multiple
years for cultivation. It was
like fun, just super funny
moving them to other
apartments and people like,
what the fuck? What is this?
Like, oh my God, if there was
seen a live plant before, you
know, that was funny stories.
It's random stories like even
rolling down the 101, you know,
getting pulled over by CHP,
going down to San Diego and
they're like looking through my
trunk and there's like, you
know, six ounces, but
underneath is a bunch of hash.
And then they just like look at
the top and they don't look at
the bottom. So, you know,
dodged a bullet there. The
funniest story, I think, what
actually really set me up was
this, my landlord, this crazy
guy, Jerry Droz was this like
crazy landlord from Eureka and
he bought a bunch of houses in
Eureka. He's like, he like was
cleaning up all the meth houses
in Eureka. Anyways, he was my
landlord. And one year he, I
live up on Humboldt Hill and he
goes, Russell, Russell, I have
to meet up with you, blah, blah,
blah. And this is a story he
told me, I can never confirm
it, but he said he was driving
down the 101 and he witnessed a
high speed chase and the car was
throwing trash bags full of
weed out of the car, like
trying to throw it over the
guardrail, you know, into a
ravine and like the bags skipped
out and didn't and like got
stuck in the guardrail and he's
driving the opposite way as he
witnesses this happening. And
so he stops his truck and pulls
over and like grabs one of the
bags and then he goes back for
another bag. And then the CHP
is like in on toe, like slams on
the brakes and he's like, put
the bag in the truck in the
trunk. And he like makes Jerry
put the bat, the other bag in
the trunk and takes off after
this other high speed chase. And
Jerry's got this huge bag full
of pounds and he doesn't know
what to do with it. And so I'm
like, well, I can help you move
this. And I like gave him a fair
deal, you know, and, and it was
a big up for me and actually got
me out to Willow Creek. I don't
know. I was probably the
funniest thing that ever
happened. Just classic humble,
you know? Yeah. I don't know.
Word. Yeah, that was pretty
pretty. I wouldn't know what
that it was like, was the cop
on the other side of the
freeway from you? Like, or was
he on the same side as I wasn't
there? I wasn't there. So yeah,
I was not there. I was in the
aftermath of like this story
that I heard. So honestly, I
can't even necessarily confirm
it as truth. I mean, the way he
told it with such detail, you
know, I can only imagine it
being true, but honestly, who
knows where he, where he got
them from, but he was driving
one way on the one Oh one. And
then the chase was going by the
opposite direction, somewhere
down in Southern humble or
Northern Mendocino. And that's
when it, that's when that
occurred. And so he was all
freaked out. And he had like he
ditched he stashed this like
huge trash bag. It was all
lavender. Oh man, it was like
this like super prime indoor
when lavender was really
popular back in like, oh 809.
And it was like so chronic. It
was such high quality indoor.
Wow. And it was a huge trash
bag full of it and turkey bags.
Anyways, he like stashed it up
in the woods. And then I had to
drive back with him to like
because he didn't want to like
take it in his car. So I like
drove back, we like drove up to
some place in the woods. It was
all stashed. And we picked it
up and drove back. Yeah, that
was probably one of the funnier
stories. I mean, and not to like
talk like get all woo woo
esoteric. But that whole time
was like I was literally trying
to manifest money. And I like
had, you know, like the note on
my wall, like as I walk out of
my room, like I need to make X
number of extra dollars, you
know, and it was like there in
like for weeks, I would walk by
that, you know, and just like
repeat the mantra. And then it
was like out of fucking nowhere.
It's like this random, random
thing just like hit me like a
ton of bricks. So I mean, I'm
just saying like, the power of
manifestation, I'm pretty sure
is a real thing. You just have
to truly believe it and like
stay in the pocket of the
emotional, you know, emotional
stability of that wish as long
as you can. And I'll have I
I'll tell you about emotional
stability. One time I was with
a buddy and his girlfriend, we
were out driving in Orange
County somewhere way out in the
boonies and we pulled over and
we're, we've got beer in the
car and Hooters in the car and
stuff. And it's not my car,
right? It's his truck. And all
of a sudden, I look in the back
and a cruiser pulls up Orange
County Sheriff. It's like,
okay, this is bad news. The
sheriffs are the worst, right?
And he pulls up behind us and I
go, this is bad. And so, so we
all stuff everything under the
seat and just try to act calm
and everything and he could
smell it. He had us all out of
the car and my buddy had this
big bag of whites with him.
Back in the day, whites were
like cross top whites and
feta means, you know, and they
were pretty dang illegal at the
time and the cop had that in a
bag and he got a little bag out
of my pocket and he had them
all sitting on the hood of the
car and we're standing around
the cruiser with our hands on
the front of the cruiser with
that bag of whites and a couple
of little quarters of weed on
front and he's going through
the car and looking through the
thing under the seat and I
thought to myself, there was a
river about 40, 30, about 30
feet from the edge of running
really fast water and I thought,
I wonder what would happen if I
threw all of that stuff in the
river and they had nothing to
charge us with. And I don't
know why. I must have been
crazy or something. I thought
I'll just do that. And so I
threw, I threw it all into the
water and I could look right at
the cop's face as he's looking
from the inside and just pick
up at me on the outside and I
throw it as my hands go over
the top like this. He's looking
at me and he comes right back
out of the thing and grabs me,
handcuffs me, throws me in the
cruiser. They took me to jail,
let my buddy and the gal go.
And then it turns out that the
guy put charges on me like I
had heroin or something. Right?
So I tried to call mom and dad
to bail me out and they're
losing their case. Like what
do you started with heroin now?
And you know, and it turns out
I thought that they had, I
thought really that they had
put some heroin, found some
heroin from somebody and gave
it to me. And like, I got stuck
with it just because I was a
knucklehead, but it turns out
it was nothing. It was just
candy or something. And I got
off on that one too. But it's,
uh, it's interesting. I still
have the guy's face, the way
that cop looked at me when I
threw that stuff in the water.
And then when his buddy came
over and was talking to him
about it afterwards, I
couldn't stop laughing. I
still, I'm still laughing.
That, that is a true OG
story. That's, that's
hilarious. That was, I'm sure
they tell the same story too.
And, and man, I can't believe
it. This is the first time I
ever hit the back of an orange
County cop cruiser, man, they
stink, man. They must be
putting people puking in the
back and every, it was
horrible. They took me to
orange County jail. He says,
what do you want to be? Well,
you want to be with the, the,
the, the blacks and Mexicans
and the bad guys are wanting
to be with the good white
boys. I said, Oh, put me with
the worst you got. I said,
I'd rather be over there. And
boy, they did. That place was
horrible. So I had no clue
being a, you know, about it
was, it was not fun. It's
like basically an all day
fight. So Joe, what about
you? You got, you got to have
some stories. Yeah, I do have
a couple of stories. I've been
thinking, listening to you
guys and you know, being,
being probably the youngest
guy in the crowd here. I
definitely have less stories.
However, I grew up and still
am on the East coast. I spent
a lot of time in California
Sonoma County specifically,
but and that's sort of,
that's where I learned the
industry and got into it.
But being out here on the
East coast, it's still, I'm
still in a state where it's
illegal. So the craziest like
rush of, you know, adrenaline
that we all, I'm sure we're
all adrenaline junkies to
some point here on this show.
I'm sure growing acres of
cannabis on hemp licenses in
the most recent, last few
years, I would say that
that's, that's quite a rush.
And I've been fortunate enough
for it, for it all to work
out to date. And, you know,
you sort of, you go a couple
of years and then you take a
year off just because that's
just the right, right way to
go about it. But I've never
been knock on wood.
Fortunately, never run, run a
foul. I've had, I've had many
inquisitive minds and
greenhouse owners or
neighbors, you know, just,
just in all of the field of
hemp or greenhouse of hemp.
So that would be, that would
be maybe my, I mean, I get
the sense, I don't want to
get busted, right? None of us
do, but that would be my, my
closest sense of like feeling
what it's like to, you know,
to have a few sleepless
nights and have, have your
heart skip a beat just a
little bit. And then go
ahead.
I bet you, me and Doc and
Kev, we all paid some dues
during the day. I signed so
many petitions to legalize
cannabis over the life, over
my lifetime. And I never
thought it would happen for
the longest time. And then
California finally did it.
You know, they finally did
it and made it legal for
medical. And then, and then
when it wild, you'll
probably, you'll never have
to see the danger and the
craziness of, of, of the,
the old gangster days, I
hope.
Well, it was pretty brutal
back in the day, honestly.
I mean, like what you said
in 96, when 215 changed,
that was a major shift.
There was like three young
guys that I knew that
didn't have any kids, you
know, they went in that
spring of 97 and nothing
happened to them that fall.
I went and got my first
recommendation to grow
cannabis legally in
Mendocino County. And it
was a feat to get it done
back then, man. It was
just, you remember your
doctor, Richard White,
Richard White. Yeah.
Guy had, I had a
microphone for Brad. Yeah.
Yeah. It was to go see him
was like, okay, here's how
you saw somebody in 1997.
Ladies and gentlemen, he
came up to humble. You put
your money out. You gave
somebody your money up
front. They gave you a
phone number. You called
that phone number. They
told you where to go.
Usually where a fucking
phone was that. Then they
tell you where to go. And
I met some guy outside of
warehouse that took me
into the warehouse to go
see Dr. Richard White, Dr.
White. And he's a patient
himself as well. But that
was a recommendation in
97 in Mendocino County.
He was like the only guy
doing it. And it was a
feat back then. You know,
it was a very, very
complicated process. One
more time. Yeah. Yeah.
Only a few of us had I
because I got I got the
15 and 97 as well. But we
were able to bring
Mccurry up and we were
able to get about 30 of
us signed up at the same
time. And it let it let
the end was funny too,
because a whole ton, a
whole bunch of us that
had done that years later,
we all got caught up with
the conspiracy and shit.
So yeah. Interesting.
Truth. A thousand percent
true. That's conspiracy
deal. No, that's when I
was like, I'm fucking out
of here. No, I hear you.
Yeah. We got it. We got a
wonderful, wonderful legal
market now and it's really,
really opening up. I think
I'm I'm hopeful that the
US will will wind up
opening up. So so there
won't be so many banking
restrictions and all these
restrictions that just get
in the way. At least you
guys can limp along like
we're doing up here in
Canada. At least it's it's
it's openly legal. The
they're trying. They're
trying. The government is
trying. That's all I can
say is they're trying to
make it happen. But I think
there's going to be another
round of crack, some sort
of a crackdown or changes.
And I'm never hopeful for
that. You know, you got a
different game. It what
what you have is you had
this is unique in the world
where typically when a new
industry forms, it doesn't
replace an industry that's
the size of the cannabis
industry. So like the
Emerald Triangle was doing
about 14 billion a year in
wholesale production.
So Humboldt was doing about
eight and another six
distributed between Trinity
and Mendocino. So where in
history and that's just on
the West Coast, right?
That's just in three
counties in California, 14
billion wholesale. Where in
history has there been an
industry this big and this
entrenched that got
encapsulated by a legal
framework? And and what you
have happened is this
massive culling of the
population and a
consolidation. And it's no
different than the
consolidation in alcohol
right now. So like if you're
looking in in like Sonoma
County, going into Napa,
all the microbreweries are
starting to fold up because
there was this huge trend
for microbreweries. But the
problem is you're too small
to serve the needs of
distribution because they
need more product to push
to control what they do. So
they don't favor doing any
business with you. And
because you can't get the
distribution contract, you
can't raise money to do
infrastructure and capital
investment. So you're you're
you're you're seeing this
decimation in every small
grower community in the West
Coast. If there was a grower
community on the West Coast,
I don't give a fuck where it
is. It got fucking buried.
And it's it's so hideous to
behold because for so many
like I just equated to
living in Dallas in 1980
when the Arabs said we're
dumping the price of oil. I
equated to being in
Pittsburgh when they said
we're going to start doing
steel in Europe. I equated
to being in Michigan when
they said we're not building
cars here anymore because
it's just done. And I mean,
like and and no hope that
it's really a catastrophic
issue. It is a wind reform,
you know, a new industry
forming, but not from the
people who created it. They
are completely their carpet.
They're getting walked on
like their carpet. And the
public, the American public
has been coached to only
look at victory, you know,
victory or death. Right. So
if you win and you're a
billionaire, you're OK. But
if you're struggling or
trying to run a business,
you're a loser. And so you
have this lack of support
for small operators. And
it's indicative of U.S.
culture. And so cannabis
just happens to be the
newest thing stuck in it.
But oh, it's a fucking
nightmare, man. I'm
fortunate that I do what I
do and I have what I have
because it lets me have
potential. But for so many
people, they're not as
fortunate. And it's just
terrifying to see it
because there's no outlet.
Yeah, we've got two new
we've got two new micros
and another LP this week.
It's like every single week
here in Canada. They're
getting two, three, five,
seven new producers online.
And they're also dying,
starting to die off now at
a very high rate, like one
or two a week. So we're
starting to lose the people
that got on there with
other people's money or
they borrowed granny's
borrowed, you know, a
hundred grand from grandma
and they pissed it all
away through hopes and
dreams and, you know, just
thinking, you know,
everybody else is going to
lose, but I'm going to make
money. Right. And it comes
and it hits them hard.
The LP I worked at for so
long is working really
hard and they're not able
to break even under this
under this environment that
they have here in Canada.
It's just it's hard. You
got to pay a buck a gram on
just just for taxes. And
then you've got everything's
got to be shipped off to
the government to sell.
And so by the time it gets
around to the retail
customer, it's at least
three or four months old.
Yeah. Regardless, it's a
process for us with like
licensing. It took me
almost like six years to
get a license on the farm.
So like and everything I
have is like state license
no provisionals, like full
CEQA things that you can't.
It's done. So the whole
duration of the farm was
about six years. It took me
four years just to acquire
these three licenses for a
distro manufacturing
processing facility. Right.
It took us three and a half
years to acquire the
licenses at the one log and
we're still working indoor
test components. We have
seven, eight, eight indoor
operations there for doing
our day. We're still
working on those licenses.
And so what you have is you
have this bleed where you
have to hold the asset.
You have to continue the
pressure on the permitting.
And because the nature of it
is so convoluted and if
there's any kind of shift to
change it up six months,
we'll get back to it. And so
what you have is anybody
that's small doesn't have
the resources to survive the
process. So and the
attitude is that I hear it
all the time for people to
everybody's a business
wizard. Now, you know what
it's like in real business
and you like, shut up.
You're not in real business.
You're you're in. You're in
fucking easy business.
Cannabis is unique.
And until you're in it, you
don't quite understand that
you just can't pressure the
officials to make it happen.
You can't use your influence.
You just have to use your
money. And if you don't have
a box of it, you can't
survive the multi-year
process it takes. I mean,
fuck, I just I just spent
sixty five thousand on a
culvert. Right.
I got 13 of them I put in.
This was the last one.
Sixty five for a fucking
pipe, right.
For a pipe through the road.
And I'm like, I had to go
and raise money for it
because I didn't have the
sixty five in my pocket to
cover that, too.
And so, you know, I look at
myself and I realize that I
came from the game.
And so I see myself as
indicative of what most
people have tried to do,
which is just build a better
life and survive.
But the ability to connect
into larger groups and to
create different pathways
is really difficult.
It's not everybody's
skill set.
And we don't have a
unitized group.
We don't have
governmental assistance
like you would have with
marketing of other products.
So what you have is
everybody's on their own.
They're alone.
They stand alone.
There's no recourse if they
get screwed.
The duration of a license
is indeterminate.
You know, you don't know how
long it's going to take.
And like once you're in it,
you're in it.
You can't back out or you
back out all your money.
Where we are right now, if
you don't pay your license
fee within 30 days, so like
with a state license, if you
don't pay your license within
30 days of its due, they
take your license away like
you never had it.
You've got to go all the way
back to the end of the line.
And then a lot of these
protected watersheds, now
they tell you, nope, you
can't permit your stuff
because protected
watershed.
So you get into these weird
circumstances where the
penalties of any mistake are
catastrophic.
You don't just get a penalty
then go back to business.
You don't go back to
business.
And that's the issue, Ron,
is that it's no matter what
hope we got for the game,
the players that built it
will not be in it.
We're like footnotes in a
story of the time that once
was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just trying to stay alive.
Oh, it's survival.
And like I'm a grit in your
teeth, grind that shit out
kind of guy.
So for me, it's piss and
vinegar.
And I'm just like, I don't
even know if it's healthy
because you're you're
you're basically fucking
refusing to die and you keep
going to war with it because
the quality of life that we
had was so good that why
wouldn't you fight for it?
People don't understand.
That's really the truth.
The the and it's not just the
Americans, the Californians.
It's dope girls around the
world.
Anyone who got out of the
system and made money in
cannabis because cannabis is
a victimless crime.
And I'm from I'm from an
organized crime family.
Right.
That shit is radically
different.
Extortion, kidnapping,
armed robbery, murder.
That's not cool shit.
But weed is a victimless
crime.
Nobody got hurt in the
consumption of the product.
Nobody got hurt in the deal
as long as everybody behaved
like gentlemen.
Right.
So you had this really unique
situation occur where you
could live outside the law.
And what did this old hippie
tell me?
Cannabis is the currency of
the revolution.
And it was it was it was this
thing that allowed you to
fight the fight and get out of
the system, but not lose your
integrity as a human being.
That's brilliant.
I'm going to write that down.
That's going to go on a me.
That's going to go on a post.
Yeah.
What would you do?
Shit, man, it was heavy.
It was it.
It was a guy, this old dude
who worked with Perone down in
San Francisco.
Him and Dennis were buddies way
back in the day before Dennis
lit up the clubs.
And so me and this old hippie
got to hang out.
And he was just a reefer
historian.
And he and I had radically
different backgrounds because
he was San Francisco and he was
older than me, too, just like
Dennis was.
But he helped me understand,
you know, the California
mentality and how people, you
know, were really just saying
fuck it, break and free.
And.
It was just a privilege to get
that lecture.
Yeah, I don't see why anybody
would want to get in, want to
get in at this particular point
in time, the way the market is
here in Canada.
I just don't I don't see it.
I would recommend against it.
But because as a homegrower,
most every province in Canada,
you can grow four plants.
Well, heck, I can grow four
plants.
I got I got free cannabis for me
and my friends.
So so really, they don't need to
buy cannabis if they if they
can't have any kind of a green
thumb, they can grow their own.
Totally.
You know, but the beauty of it
was that, like for me, I've had
dispensary for 15 years.
Right.
So like active dispensary
operations, the beauty of
dispensary is that they allow
there to be things that come
through that you don't have
access to normally in your in
your situation and allows you to
explore the world of cannabis.
So really, one of the primary
buyers in dispensary was
growers because you were always
going to check out what was new,
new stuff, different things.
You wanted to be able to see
what was taking place.
It was a really good resource
for information.
And it was, you know, so it's
excellent when it's a
reasonable situation.
But today, you know, you have a
very truncated population of
what can be sold in a store due
to distribution controlling the
intake.
So if this grow doesn't feel
safe with the gamble, they don't
take it.
We're in the old, the old, you
know, prior to legalization, the
diversity within the clubs was
phenomenal.
You add because you had
microproducers that only do ten
pounds a year and they would
bring in two pounds every couple
of months and it would be the
spot batches and it would get
some heat and someone would walk
outside the club and say,
brother, it was hot.
And if cell phones would be
ringing and they would call you
the water, some killer shit, you
go check it out because you had
heard about it, but you hadn't
had a chance to taste it.
And it allowed you to touch all
this interesting stuff and it
just created a really unique
culture in terms of like
appreciation of cannabis.
And so to me, the stores have
incredible benefit, but only
when distribution isn't the
gatekeeper because their only
concern is I got to make 30
points on the deal or fuck it.
You ain't getting in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And yeah, it's if you got a
skew that's already out there,
then people are more tempted to
order off of the old, you know,
the old skew and keep it coming.
But it's older weed and the
newer batches there that that's
the hot stuff.
But but here in Canada, it can't
even hit the market until it's
like a couple of months old at
the very earliest.
And yeah, I wish I wish the
small farmers had the farmer
market option.
You know, I know Happy Day
Farms, maybe you know more about
it, Kev, but they're trying to
do they're trying to like work a
loophole where they set up a
farmer's market at the distro,
like outside in the in the on
the same on the grounds.
And then they would have be able
to like sort of theoretically
like sell the product on site
from the farm.
But it was still like through
the distro.
I don't know if you ever.
I knew I heard of it.
It's just that what happens,
Russ, is you run the numbers,
right?
You get like one hundred forty
four eights in a unit.
And so if you moved three
hundred eights over the course
of a farmer's market, I mean,
you sold the three hundred
people at the at the at the
event.
That's a pretty good day of
selling.
You only sold two pounds.
The farm is pushing out seven
hundred pounds.
So like farmers markets work.
But the issue is it doesn't
allow us to get the traction to
get sales that like wine.
The idea with wine really is
wine clubs to where you're able
to go.
And then you're able to also
develop the relationships by
communicating with them and
allowing them to see what you're
doing and taking them into your
world.
Because people are interested
in the details of what makes a
product as long as it's
educational and fun.
Yeah.
We you know, we need the
exposure from all angles.
But when someone said, you know,
this is like someone said, I'm
going to I'm going to do it this
way. And I'm like, bro, you
could have come to your house
every goddamn day.
You'd need to have one hundred
and fifty people a day come to
you.
I'm like, if you have a flip
today, you need one hundred
fifty people to come in and buy
a pounds worth.
Right.
The issue is like and especially
in places where like Casey is
Mendoza in a huge population
base.
That's true.
Yeah. No, the popular.
Yeah. The problem we don't have
a population base.
That's the problem out here in
Willow Creek.
Yeah.
On a commentary.
It's sad because River Song, the
natural food store that it's
been here forever is closing on
December 31st.
And it's because of essentially
it was fueled by the cannabis
industry.
And they're in there no longer
able to generate enough revenue
to maintain the store.
So, you know, we're watching the
whole collapse, you know, as the
consolidation occurs.
It's it's, you know, a bit sad,
but hopefully it'll
restructure in some ways.
The regulations are just insane
around the whole thing.
I wonder about like what do you
think?
There's seems like there's more
talk about the the dangers of
rescheduling.
You know, is that is you know,
what's going to happen there?
If that's the move, is that
you know, if you think it is
because especially if you take a
look at where the DEA is
interested in synthasing the
coca from tobacco, right?
Right.
Actually looking at Coca and
saying, hey, there's far more
applicability to play with
cocaine than there is cannabis.
And so the DEA keeps their
chokehold on it because to me,
really far on top of these guys
wealth is stupid.
Go from a schedule one to
schedule two when now it has
medicinal value.
That means that at.
The large companies in that a
pharma and I'm like I'm grateful
they're not in here right now
because their lobbying efforts
are terrifying.
Yeah.
All of a sudden, you know, is
there any opportunity for
anybody but pharma to function?
Right.
That's the concern.
Yeah.
That's what it's.
It's a you can't get you got to
de-schedule the plant.
You can't change the fact.
You got to get it off the
schedule.
Precisely.
Completely.
Yes.
I agree.
Got to be completely as a
planet's letter.
It's a medicine.
And also point order, Mr.
Jordre.
There's not a hundred and forty
four youngsters get a
calculator out.
There's one hundred and twenty
eight of them.
Moji, one twenty five is the
number is four hundred and
fifty three point five nine two
grams and a pound.
OK.
Now we can carry on.
No, buddy.
But I know the numbers are in.
I know there I know there I know
they're over like around that
number.
Now, if I can jump in for a
second, guys, what are the
numbers change on what was in a
fucking town?
Let's go back to that first.
If I could jump in for a sec,
because I got something that's
been kind of kind of been
picking on me and that's coming
up here in Canada.
And that's the end is on the
line of the development of
space.
I think we need consumption and
we need to be able to consume
and discuss what we're consuming
in a group and in a space.
It's so vital.
And we're starting to see like I
got to go to three venues last
night that were hosted by farms,
supplied by dispensaries.
And you were there with the
farmer consuming their product
and discussing it with them for
the first time since
legalization.
And there was three of them.
It was incredible to actually
see that happening in Vancouver.
And I was actually able to go
see most of them.
But one of the things that's
come up and come out of these
conversations is we're looking
at craft.
What what is craft?
I mean, if there's a group of
people that I could look at and
say, hey, maybe maybe we could
define what that is.
It's probably this room in this
space. So my question for you,
you all, what what is craft?
What's the definition there?
What makes craft craft
and big,
big and small, small, you know?
There's a definition, is there?
That's the hard part.
There's not.
You have Glasshouse saying they
have craft cannabis.
So it's like you have to define
what craft means.
Well, that's the whole thing.
But it's not so because really
it's it's really a simple
direction change.
Commercial focuses off of
return on investment.
They have parameters they must
fit into.
There must be specific cyclical
rotations.
There must be certain amount
yielded per square foot.
Agronomic considerations create
commercial consumptive
considerations, create craft,
which means you choose products
that do not necessarily that you
want them to work.
But number one criteria is does
the user enjoy it to the maximal
realization?
Craft.
Commercial to an extent,
to an extent.
I feel like I feel like I don't
know if you can define scale
necessarily, but just like if
you can maintain it.
Yeah, I think I think that's what
it is. It's a craft to me is a
function of a the art, the
person putting time into
the plant, like being with the
plant, tending to the plant.
I don't know.
It's a simplification, but that's
sort of what craft seems like.
At the wine.
I don't want to smoke.
I get the wine industry a little
bit. You know, you look at, OK,
like here in California where the
wine industry used to be 50 years
ago, we have this region where
all these really great
wine vendors come from in
portions down in Applin, Sonoma
County.
Not up here so much, but there's
a few.
Anyway, my point is, is where it
used to be where it's looked at
now.
That's where I think cannabis
will be defined as a lot of
those vintage vintners down there
have scaled their businesses up
to where they are national
producers.
That's what I believe cannabis
will here will be in the next 30
years.
That's what we'll see a lot of
that.
The ones that are left.
I don't know, Kevin, am I wrong?
Well, you know, I mean, there's
like the wine shit's kind of
hard to.
I couldn't understand the wine
industry because it didn't make
sense to me financially.
So I started kind of researching
it right now.
And I realized that and my I had
friends that were controllers
that handled the money for some
of the larger wineries.
So I was able to kind of talk to
them about what's the reality in
Napa wine.
And what I realized was that
the the the people in tech
were able to write off capital
gains in grape.
And so what it did is it allowed
them to have a status symbol
and also a tax write off.
And it was really what was
funding and driving it because it
was really about a steam.
And so it kind of made me think
like if they will humble follow
that same regard once we get
normalization with how we see
alcohol being OK.
Is it OK to be seaweed the same
way?
But only 30 percent in Napa is
really
a vineyard.
And then 30 percent of it is is
overseas because the Chinese
market is five X compared to
ours.
So a hundred dollar bottle here
in U.S. is 500 in China.
So you're seeing this incredible
transfer of grapes.
So 30 percent of the crop moves
to Asia.
30 percent moves into the
American market is Napa which is
creating the mystique.
And 30 percent of it is people.
I know a ton of them where
every time they break out a case
of wine because they go to
winery.
But it's really a write off.
And so I just don't understand
necessarily how it's going to
work with us in cannabis.
But will we become that new
status symbol for the wealthy
where they want to have a
cannabis ranch in Mendocino
cannabis ranch in Trinity as
part of their portfolio because
they can dump money into it
increase the value because
really herb right now is
licensing and real estate not
product.
So it's my licenses and my
real estate.
That's why right now around you
got to go after the licenses you
can you go to acquire the things
you can and strike the pieces
because it takes so many years
to do it.
So if you wait till the right
time to get in your five years
late you know it's like a mile
but if you're waiting to get in
now you're it's over with.
Yeah you done.
You've got to insist.
And only what you always do.
Yeah yeah.
But I think the triangle
specifically right.
I mean that's what I'm talking
about.
The triangle.
You need to look at.
Quickly.
Yeah.
Because of our framework.
But the the ability to be able
to kind of compare and contrast
it really comes down to to see
if it took 70 years or so for
wine to be able to get to the
point where you add like wine
clubs and shipping wine and
moving wine and subscription
services and wine everywhere
and normalization of wine and
consumption everywhere.
Fuck you in California you could
buy wine in the gas station.
Um it it has to be like that.
And that's the that's the
problem.
And so for us like in Cali I
don't I don't know what other
states are dealing with.
We got the Delta Delta 9 shit
going down so you can go to the
gas station and buy dope cheap
completely unlicensed stuff.
It doesn't require the DCC
authorization so you're not
having to go through these
extensive permit processes and
costs.
You're able to do it as a
hep derivative.
So what you have is you have
this weird situation where the
DEA is allowing these
derivatives of cannabinoids to
be used because they're not
specifically THC and they're
going to war against everyone
who consumes herb in a normal
fashion.
And it's you have to see this
shit to really believe it.
You know I'm talking about Doc
it's fucking insane.
Well I don't know what they
need me for.
You're saying it all.
Man that's why I'm off and
shaking my head big boy.
Roll back.
But that's that's the that's
that is all the truth.
That's how silly it is.
So real estate and license it
but you're fighting for because
the products just can't be.
It's too it's too convoluted to
try to explain it to somebody
who's not in it.
They look at you like you're
you're you're insane.
You're mine.
Yeah.
You can't be like the what the
fuck are you talking about.
That's the other one I like
that look at you like what.
It's like no man.
Never mind.
Yeah.
Still the triangle again.
You're a tough motherfucker
right now.
You're in anywhere in northern
California you're growing weed
correctly.
You're serious about it.
That's for damn sure.
Because there ain't any money
left anymore.
We're out right now.
We're all doing it because we
love the fuck out of it trying
to protect what we do as best we
know how collectively and
independently.
You know that's the real truth.
You know I'm looking forward to
getting ready to go sit down
with both those guys next
weekend at some point.
You know we're going to go hang
out in Santa Rosa for a couple
of days.
That's how we're all we're all
working now together.
You know it's like there is no
more me or me and I and not me
on my own.
We all use we're all if we're
in if you're in northern
California growing cannabis
correctly in my opinion
nowadays you are or an alpha
standing alone.
You have to line up with all the
other alphas that are around you
and work together collect
really get across the goal line
and we're all collectively
fucked.
And we all know that.
That's all I got to look at it
right now.
That's why we're all working
together as closely as we are
and why we're all coming
together as a community.
If anybody's left Kevin who's
left man.
You know the numbers here are
horrible.
Yeah we think we had we had a
killer meeting last night that
we had a meeting at the material
with all the major heads of the
county and I bet there was a
couple hundred people present it
was the best turnout I've ever
seen.
And someone asked me and I said
oh nothing like getting your ass
whipped to make you want to go
join up with other people.
So sometimes the catastrophe
brings you together different.
But it's really about the for
the first time now the people
that run your regions realize
that the cash cow has been
slaughtered.
The golden goose has been
served and they have made plans
for this money.
They have they had plans to.
And so now they all have to kind
of come together and we all get
to live in reality of we need
you to be fair with us and
we'll do our best to be best as
we can be.
And what you'll have is you'll
have the beginning of a new
situation.
But for me you know the reason
why I moved to South I mean I've
been here for 30 years but why I
moved to Southern Humboldt
specifically was that when I was
here all I saw was people that
were in there like you know
later 70s still wearing tie dye
and fucking dancing and tripping
on mushrooms and shit and living
in the hill and puffing weed
and swimming naked at the river
and I'm just like kind of fuck
do I learn how to do that.
I want to be I want to be them.
I just I.
Yeah.
It's a good life you know.
I'm a fucking New Englander that
is not the New England life.
That's why I moved to this spot
specifically was because I knew
that if I could be around that
generation that settled Humboldt
then I would get to understand
how to age correctly you know
being free.
And to me that is the culture
that killed the culture.
That's the truth of it.
Yeah.
But being killed and slaughtered
on what Kevin had is very very
serious right now.
The men and the women you know
because I'm going to where I'm
going out the door.
He's just a little younger than
I am.
You know it's like it's this
thing moves forward.
The people he's referring to
most of us are not in the game
anymore.
And the younger generation has
been creamed at this thing.
It's a it's it's ridiculous
quite honestly.
The way it used to be compared
to the way it was.
That's why I.
Yeah.
I saw the writing on the wall.
I mean for me I hate.
I hate laws.
I don't know. I see so much
hypocrisy within.
I know we need government but I
see so much hypocrisy that I
just I just detest following
rules.
So my whole thing was like I
long time ago I felt like I saw
the writing on the wall and for
me instead of trying to push
the path of producer
flower I was like well why don't
I start this cannabis
horticultural association.
Everyone you know like the Royal
Horticultural Society has been
around for 100 years.
It's a non you know it's it's a
nonprofit.
Or you know it just focuses on.
Research in science and I'm
like well there's definitely a
need for that you know.
And so my path was just a
trajectory just off a little
tangent alongside all my friends
who are growing and then seed was
the next logical trajectory like
Kevin said like this Delta 8
thing is like this funny weird
workaround.
Seeds are also a weird
workaround now too.
And for me so it's just like my
pathways my pathway is the
points of least resistance.
And so that's where I'm you know
that trajectory is off in that
direction.
And there's a lot of money
actually in research science
developing.
I know the state has like a 20
million dollar grant.
It's you know giving out for
some cannabis research science.
I don't know if it's more
towards it's more towards
policies and law than actual
horticulture but you know.
There's genetics Russ we just
went after it.
Oh good.
Cool.
Yeah it's the legacy genetics.
There's a university that hit me
up that want their go after the
grants to start.
California legacy genes.
Nice.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
I'll talk to you about that.
Yeah yeah.
We'll hit it up.
Yeah totally got the same reach
out on that one Kevin.
Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah.
So yeah.
I think there's other other
angles there.
You know it's like there's
always other angles.
There's always different ways to
explore like an industry.
And right now the you know the
capitalization of cannabis we're
watching it we're watching the
beast consume an industry where
it was once protected in.
So it's just yeah it's it's
difficult to watch it occur.
But I guess you just have to
pivot.
You know you have to adapt and
pivot if you want to survive.
It's very good.
I think the word craft.
London was asking about craft.
Oh yeah.
Back to craft.
It's gone away.
It's gone the way to where that
the new school you've got the
old school and the new school the
new school is inventing new words
right.
In the day we didn't we didn't
call it craft cannabis or any of
the hype.
You know it was either the kind
or it's bunk right.
You know you had good herb or
it's bunk.
And what's for sale here in
Canada for the most part is bunk.
You know they call it craft
everything you know people get
called the craft producer of the
year.
Well OK you're able to produce a
lot of cannabis but I can tell
what good weed is and craft.
It's just a word that people
pulled out of their their
backside to try to market their
stuff and everything is if
everything's going to be smoke
and mirrors you know that's
that's no good.
I think that that in time it'll
it'll it'll get back to to
something where it's it's
realistic.
But the word craft kind of means
nothing to me anymore because
nobody knows what it means.
Like this is more about the
culture of how you practice
right.
I mean really your practice and
what what Russ said you know
how you live it if you live it
and practice it.
I always took it as medicine for
myself.
I've always smoked my own flower
you know for 50 years I've smoked
my own flower.
You know this is just part of
that.
What I think the culture is you
know do you live that lifestyle
or you what Ron said or you just
bought man.
OK.
What are the definers.
I think anybody that use plant
growth regulators falls in the
bunk category.
Yeah.
Collectively right.
Are there.
What are the parameters that we
set on that.
I call it holistic practices.
It falls under organic
definition though.
When you environment water the
definers that we put around what
defines craft practice versus
commercial or bunk practice.
Those are.
Yeah that's a good point.
Needed to find.
That's a good point.
You know.
Anyway my my two or three cents
on it.
That's how I'm kind of looking at
it.
What.
I like the craft word is defined
your methodology.
I've done them all.
A lot of us have all done a
variety of methodologies to get
where we are.
I prefer what I do personally
indoors because of my own
personal needs and requirements.
It works for me.
But I've started growing out
doors.
That's just a transition in time.
We all have great methodologies
collectively right.
If it's a clean organic natural
methodology or won't you know
whatever the hell that is I
don't even think natural is the
correct word.
In my rambling.
But that's again what is craft.
I think those are some of
collective parameters that we
can all agree on.
That would be one where I think
we start finding a point of
you know they're going to put
that word on us collectively.
Gentlemen in this room then why
are we.
OK let's give them what the damn
parameters are.
I like that's what I've realized
you know over the last five
years we're coming up and above
board and trying to be you know
what the fucking brand is sit
here this old man said now what
my genetics line and all that
crap means you know what Kevin
everybody we're all talking
about we're doing our own thing.
All I ever wanted to do was just
cultivate flour and let people
give me a fair value for my
price is pretty inexpensive when
they can't have direct access to
me it's a few dollars a gram.
Most of my farmers friends that
are hanging on by a teeth man to
get a couple of dollars a gram
more would be just tremendous a
value to them.
It is direct to the farm is the
method to save it all for scrap
farmers let them have right.
The people have just like you
wanted the month club.
Why go back to that industry you
know you can have your cannabis
of the month delivered right to
you in the mail.
That's another approach to this
whole thing.
That's a lot of what I think
needs to happen to save the
craft industry.
I agree 100 percent.
I agree doc that if if it could
go right to the people let's say
there was a special license
that was only for craft that had
to be organically produced no
chemicals you could have it
chemically tested and they just
keep a lower limit on them like
they could do smaller batches and
stuff like this so they can make
a buck.
But these days you got to have a
batch of 20 kilograms to offset
the cost of testing and the
weight and what it costs you to
get your skew to market and
everything and that makes the
black market where you get craft
these days I guess you know.
So I'm looking at the comments.
One thing I'm very good at is
like assimilating large
aggregating large data sets and
processing them and providing
like a integrated viewpoint and
like you know some of the
comments are saying oh I thought
craft was you know supposed to
signify regenerative organic
high quality practices.
Some saying craft is you know
homegrown.
It has to be grown at home.
Some are saying craft versus
automated.
You know as long as it's not
automated you know it's hard to
put a precise term on the
definition but it seems like
something to the you know
understanding of craft is you
know cultivated by someone who
puts attention into the plant
using organic or natural
practices you know non synthetic
practices perhaps that's like
some aggregate definition of
what craft can signify.
I will say this I'm going to
start a whole campaign.
I think this is like actually a
big idea.
I'm going to push this with
child a lot.
I'm going to do a big craft
cannabis thing.
So you kind of in information we
can't drum up.
Well I think Dr. Ray said it
like the best.
Well one of the best things is
that you're muted there Dr. Ray.
I think you're trying to check.
You got to unmute yourself.
Your microphone is coming down.
Can you hear me doc.
If you're talking I think you're
talking.
Can you hear me.
As he did freeze up.
No he froze.
I saw him talking and I just see
him.
Oh no.
He's good.
Thing is that the thing about so
like say I'm my direction is I'm
a biological grower.
But what I know is that you have
an entire generation of people
who consume through salt and to
them that's what they expect the
certain flavor profile to be.
And sometimes when you do a
selection it doesn't get better
under your methodology.
Sometimes it's that's the
methodology that it shine best.
And so it's a lot.
It's it's tough because when you
we start to talk about like the
parameters I think the
parameters like doc talked about
where you're using any kind of
growth regulators stuff that you
can't have in the legal market
today.
Right.
But prior they were there to
increase yield.
But now you know you're getting
tested for packing butyrol so
you're not going to be able to
run it through your system.
And I'm grateful because you
don't want any of that shit in
your body.
But what I know is when I talk
to it's kind of like flower
we're all from the flower era.
But I talk to kids that are 20
22 23 and they just smoked their
first flower this year.
But they've been smoking vape for
like seven years.
And so to them they were
introduced because remember at
the legal sales at a dispensary
in California only 33 percent of
the product is flower like this.
It's a big number like it used
to be 80.
It's 33 percent right now.
So three three three point three
out of 10 are buying weed that
we know the other ones are
buying either.
Sixty one percent is going in
some kind of concentrate
primarily in pen because it's
convenient.
And then you got 2 percent for
drinks.
Couple points on edibles.
But the thing is that what
changes is the taste and the
trends of people.
And so for me you know I don't
want to control what someone
says it does because it's not
it's not my generation.
Yeah.
So if to them oil is what they
consume is cannabis then that is
what cannabis is to them.
And so that's why I always kind
of try to take it to where when
you are choosing things from for
financial reasons primarily it's
commercial attitude.
And if it's for epicurean
consumptive then it's craft.
And that way what we do is we
don't have the fight between
indoor and outdoor greenhouse and
mixed light.
It's who the customer determines
the value the customer
determines the designation.
We're just trying to help create
the the information so people can
understand how to make the
choices.
But when you educate people to
choose your shit that's like an
infomercial and you end up you
know discouraging people from
wanting to play with you because
they feel offended when you're
saying hey you know to me a big
pen.
But to a 22 year old 23 year old
consumer of 2023 it is the real
and that's what makes it tough
man.
We're in this crazy change of
cannabis and everything's
changing so quick that it's I
think the main thing is that
consumers and producers all have
to agree we're in the same group
that that where you may want to
make more money with your 10,000
you know 10 million square foot
of canopy.
I just want to make my living
with my 10,000 but as long as
we're holding the values true
where we're not producing
anything toxic and we're not
doing shitty businesses
practices where we're dumping.
So the bigger companies you know
trying to financially war you
out then you can all say we're
in the same industry and then
the consumers can start to
really tell us the realities of
what is craft in 2027.
Yeah you know I'm trying to
figure out where we're going
like I know where we've been
it's I'm trying to always figure
out where my trajectory and the
trajectory of the industry
touches along.
Well it's definitely going
towards more concentrates like
you said that's for sure.
So what you see the data is the
data like so having a store and
being involved in a large
company lets you see a different
picture of the financial
realities of the industry and
you just go whoa we've had a
change because primarily what
are we at 13 percent tobacco
consumption in America right now
from six it was 56 almost 60
when I was a kid in 66.
And so you've had this radical
change in how we smoke
cigarettes.
So now the vape pen is the
device and it's been that way
for a long time.
So anyone who gets into any kind
of consumptive smoking is
introduced to a new tool when
you were at home your mom and
dad weren't smoking on a cig
they're smoking on a nicotine
pen.
And so that's the normalization
that number of people I know
that can't roll a joint.
It's ridiculous.
I will join better than they do
is a bad.
Yeah.
I don't completely.
I was filmed by a fucking
newspaper I was at a party in L.A.
and I was rolling a joint
everyone gathered around because
I'm serious.
It was on the cover of a
fucking newspaper.
No one had ever seen anyone roll
a joint.
I'm sorry.
Honestly they stopped.
That's what they were doing to
see what you want to know that
we're doing.
How do you do that again.
That's the I was laughing my
ass off.
I was like I've never seen
anybody do this before.
Have you.
Not really.
You guys are all right.
Check this shit out.
They were like whoa.
It's a funny shit man.
Got a hundred packs of pre
rolls up here in Canada.
Yeah.
That's what Kevin's talking
about.
The industry is so different
than what it used to be.
You know we used to even in the
dispensary the 215 days where
you dispensary get flour out of
one gallon jar with somebody
standing your hand you put your
bud on it scale for you.
Those days are gone.
You know it's all in little
packages.
They don't really see what real
flour looks like.
Most of the consumers that
rocking into dispensary
nowadays not what it used to be
much less coming to the farm and
actually getting your flour
directly from the farmer or the
person that created that flour
on their farm grew it or
crafted it on their farm.
Those are the things I think
sorely missing from the with
this new industry sorely
missing.
Kind of reminds me of going and
getting fried chicken when you
were a kid going out to
grandma's house on the farm and
get a chicken out of the
backyard or driving through the
drive through and getting
chicken nuggets through the
drive and drive through like
that.
I don't know what the damn thing
looks like.
That's what it's going to.
In my in my opinion anyway for
what that's worth.
Anyway so Kevin.
Kevin will be the only guy
that's ready.
He'll he'll be the guy that's
got his finger on the pulse.
He'll be there before any of us.
Yeah.
So Kevin's point about where he
is going to where he's trying to
intersect with the industry and
say 20 27 and beyond.
Where's it going.
Where are you going to meet up
with it.
That kind of rang true to me and
thinking about breeding for
terpene content and profile
because that's where these
concentrate.
That's the most important part
of these concentrates.
So are you guys do you guys
think about that at all in your
in your in your planning of how
you guys are.
Oh yeah for sure.
100 percent primary focus but my
primary focus coming back.
The only reason I came above
board was that's because what
I'm known for in the triangle.
So all right I'm going to put my
hand in the game.
You know I'm the cat that did
the turf.
I am doc by doc and Bentley for
crying out loud.
Terps is my fucking project.
That's how I look at this now.
I was at compounds party at Hall
of Flowers and they're literally
showing me and look at me go
man.
I'm like I'm not going to do
this because of what you did a
couple of years ago.
We're launching this whole
fricking line.
Everybody's going towards T.A.C.
Fuck that shit man.
Craft is craft and there it is
Joe craft is craft because we
give a fuck about terpenes over
T.A.C.
I think that's a lot of focus
what craft people do as well.
So anyway sorry brother.
That's just I'm where you're at.
That's legit doc.
Yeah.
You're right.
We're all about the quality of
flour man.
All about quality flour correct.
I mean I've got to say you know
we love it.
We've got to make it better
in my humble opinion.
Now I know people as they call
it I want to squish the soul out
of your butt that you so
tenderly made some of my buddies
that are Ross and guys and stuff
and I get what they're doing.
Everybody has their own
methodology of consumption but
me personally or I don't know
about maybe us collectively
can stop doing like what Kevin
Roland joint.
So my thought it was I actually
flour, I mash it up, I put it in a vape pipe, that way I can taste it. It's got a nice big
oven, it heats it up, and you don't have to, you can keep the heat kind of low, so it's
like doing cold dabs. And if you got a lot of weed, you can just load it up every time
or every other puff and just throw it away, you know, and just stay with the fresh stuff.
It's, I mean, I love the taste, but when you try these vape carts, I know it's fake terpenes.
You know, I've tried these little vape carts and they don't, they're not, I mean, the one
that was gelato was pretty damn spot on. I got to say it was spot on, but I guess that
they're not real terpenes out of cannabis. So.
Well, in California, it's mandated now that it must be from cannabis, so you can't use
plant derived in cannabis anymore. So they separated it. But what I know is that like
when I'm looking at a live rosin vape pen and it's using the essential oils within it
to make it liquid. So you're not having to use a carrier to break it. The quality of
that mouth is unbelievable. It's just the problem with this shit to me is that like
for the way my body works and I consume all forms. So I, there's nothing I don't smoke
just so that I'm always kind of aware of where things are moving and what they're doing.
But I have, as I get older, I just noticed that like I get sucked into the ultra high
potency and it kind of, you got to fight through it to kind of keep your shit together.
And so for me, as I get older, I notice I gravitate more back to joint. So, you know,
like I still consume good rosin when someone breaks it out where I want to see how did
it squish because like in the breeding process, same with like old extraction, when BHO blew
up, I went on these big population hunts looking for outlier plants that we could put into
extraction operations because I was moving so much extract. And so it was the first time
I wasn't selecting from a crop for flower visual quality in addition to the other consumptive
qualities. What I was seeking was just consumptive qualities because we were going to blow it.
And so it was, it was weird, but I was doing it. We did it. I did that first one on a 10,000
square foot sift. So I had, you know, a thousand plants to look through to pull that route.
And it was the first time that I didn't choose the flower that I wanted to grow. I went for
the plant that had the best outcome in oil. And now when we're doing work, it's going
through to see which one's got the right, you know, the trike size and the right of
scission layer break off so that we're able to sift towards the solventless direction.
And then from there, which ones squish best and give us the best mouth, because you have
to make sure that, you know, you're diversifying your work. So some of the stuff I'm looking
through in populations is for flower production, and then some of it is for hash production.
And then other stuff is just crazy profiles that, you know, BHO would work. And what you're
able to do really is do, you know, licensing where you can create the outlier cultivar
that serves the purpose and then license it for production. So what you're able to
do is breed, not just to release a line, but to select from the line of thing that fits
into multiple categories now. So it spreads throughout, but you almost have to, because
you don't know where the heat's going to come. You know, you go chase a line down the street
for two years and you find out it's none of it's good hash, it's all grease. There's no
grainy granular, the trichome incision layer is way too tough. So it doesn't break easily.
So you got to agitate the shit out of it. So you end up having more particulate manner
in the water. Like every fucking detail is, it matters now. And so for me, like when I'm
sifting through projects, I'm just open for whatever comes out of it that fits into one
of these three or four categories. So I used to be way more directed on my hunting. And
now I just know that when I collide the genes together, let's see what comes out of it.
And then what's the best of whatever category, because that's the outlier I want. Then I
get to go back into another project to go get the smoke that I want. Or I didn't get
a hash cultivar that I wanted. I didn't get the right BHO cultivar. So it's, it changes,
you know, we can't, I used to focus singly on smoke. And then I went into all these other
categories because I have no choice really, because the truth of it is, is that you need
to make sure you have an opportunity to move product at any one of these avenues, or you
get jammed up in a single lane and it's a nightmare. And so I think that it just makes
it tough for breeders in general, because if you're breeding for commercial purposes,
you know, you want to sell seeds to get into large production. It requires some very specific
characteristics. For the home grower, I think it's a revolution going on right now where
you got home grows around the US sparking up too light lead tents and they're spitting
out fire. Like there's never been this much home growing in America. And it's phenomenal
to see. And I love it. And that's really the, I think that the people that watch us mostly
is people that are doing the small tent grows and they're, they're, they're loving being
part of the cannabis culture in a way they can. They got a tent in the basement. They
don't have an ability to, you know, to bring it outside in the world at all. So they got
to keep it discreet. Still. They get to go online. They get to peruse all the seed catalogs.
And I smoked some of that black apple just so I don't forget. I smoked some of that black
apple from you. That shit was ripping. Woo. You come up with the heater there, boy. I
got the, I don't know. I'm trying to remember who I smoked it with, but some, you know what
I mean? But I, I saw the name. I said, wait a minute. I know who bred this. That shit
was good. So like when you get home growers that can access cannabis like that, it changes
their life because it's stuff that is just really good herb. And so three guys that had
it, Kevin, it might've been Sean. Was it Sean? Yeah. Sean crushed it. He's yeah. He crushed
it. Yeah. He did a great job, boy. I think she's a winner brother. Did you see her while
she was standing in the field by any chance? I think she's got real potential. I just didn't
have the time. He invited me to go take a look, but man, I was just drowning. Dan has
it. Stein Daniel has it. And Zellig has it. Zellig has a lot of it. And he, everybody
there says it's an amazing, you know, which is spring Creek farms. Yeah. And he does it
all under a K and F a thousand percent. I didn't see them, but he, I heard the buds
gentlemen were as tall as six foot man. That's pretty good. Yeah. This is from Zellig right
here. This is some nasty shit from Z. Oh, that boy is a, anybody that belts their dreadlocks
into their, into their pants. When you're rolling together. Yeah. We're rolling together
next week to come see you on Saturday and Sunday sometime. I guess I'll meet you over
the lounge somewhere, but I don't see you out walking around. So, right. Yeah. We're
seeing, I, I mean, you know, the thing is like, I was just talking to Timmy too. A lot
of stuff is, man, it's just, you only have so much time and I'm, I'm drowning in time.
And then I ended up not having any time for my kid and I got young kids still. Right.
So my, my gal's got my son in the other room and he wanted to, you know, and you end up
just having no time for your life. And so I'm trying to figure out how do I fit it in?
And how do you, how do you go and work seven days a week and go to events and have a life
and be a good father and not lose your fucking mind. So I will see if we can roll up on Saturday
because I can just come in for the afternoon and hang out.
I'm coming down and work out.
Opposite end.
Yeah, Zellie and I are staying together. Yeah. Sorry.
All my time has been focused on my kids and I've suffered financially because of it. So
I'm, I'm on like the opposite end of the spectrum where I've donated all my time to my kids,
stuck in my house. And, and then it's, so there's some, I don't, I don't have an answer
for you, but the balance is somewhere in the middle.
Yeah.
That's a good thing, Russ. That's a great thing to do. I mean, I, I did the same thing.
I actually pulled completely out of the biz, quit growing because I didn't want, I wanted
my kids to get a clean start, you know, and I spent time growing with my kids and then
just got back into it later on. So it's okay to kind of pull back and spend the time with
your kids because you got to do what's important when you're young. Because when you're old
like me, everything's going to hurt and you're, you're going to get a spithead too. And it
makes you harder to deal with. You're a better grandpa when you're our age.
Amen, brother. I think that's part of why they did. They want, I know. Okay. So Saturday,
you and me and Z are going to sit down and we'll pull a Tim together. Let's all have
a little sit down and do all their fucking photographs and shit. They want to get, you
know, that kind of moment. So, but Zelig and I are actually working together. We're traveling
and staying together for the couple of days.
You meet Eddie yet?
Sir?
You meet Eddie?
I've talked to Eddie a few times on the phone. They're meeting Eddie a couple of days beforehand.
Going to go down and meet him. And we're actually, it's me and Eddie and Robert and Z all hanging
in the little compound where I hang out just North of Santa Rosa a little ways.
Yeah. Nice. No, no.
He'll be coming over Saturday evening. I'll see. We'll talk Saturday evening.
Yeah. I know Rob like 20, easy 20, 25 years now, man. It's, it's, he just took over the
community farm here in Humboldt.
I love him very much. Yeah. He's a great human being. Yeah.
Yeah. He's a great kid. And I love what he's doing with the community farm. You got to
be able to, that's what we were talking about in the community is that cannabis is a, is
a, an agricultural activity. And it also brings you into, for me, I was, I was obsessed with
the trees and flowers. Right. So like my, back when I had more time, that's where I
spent my time and cannabis. And then now it's more like gardening for vegetables.
And so I, I see you take your cannabis skills and you become a farmer at your property so
you can farm.
That's right. And you know what I've seen more of a lot of farmers have transitioned
into traditional agriculture. They're like, Oh, we're going to raise pigs or chickens
or they pivoted a little bit and combined far agriculture farming into this. Interesting.
It's like what Kevin, like Zellig, man, his practice of how he works, everything is phenomenal
and its results obviously speak for him themselves. You know, is, is he craft? Fuck man. He defines
my book, you know, that's Z, you know? So if you look at it from that perspective, what
is this? Okay. And he's, he's as outlaw as I am, which is even crazier. You know, that's
what, what's okay. That's who, right. He's my running mate. That's how I love, I love
KNF.
Yeah. If you grow KNF, it's a really, really fire way to grow weed. I grew weed. I grew
a modified KNF here and that's, that's all I use. And man, I can get buds so tight. I
was, I was busting buds today to get the seeds out that I had to put in a tote two inches
deep and then break them with my feet. So nobody tells me you can't grow your outside
hard enough to drive a nail because this is out there stuff and I got to walk on it to
get the seeds out.
That's a good, that's I've yet, I don't think I've ever heard that one. A bud so hard you
can use it as a hammer to drive a nail. I like that shit.
I literally was doing it the same way they get wine out. I was, I was laughing earlier
today cause I'm walking, stomping my feet, breaking the, breaking the buds. Cause that's
a, you can, you try to do it with your hands. I've got gloves I wear and I still, my hands
are just numb, you know? So I just do it with my feet with the really hard ones because
you, you know, you need a grinder to break those up. And then when you're done, it's
nothing but powder and seeds. It's crazy.
The KNF grows a good, hard joint. I'll take that, Kev.
What is that? That's, that's sour there.
Yeah. I'm thinking about actually rolling another one after that. Watching him like
that one up again.
We're going to do a little giveaway, London. What, what did you want to do as far as how
to do the, the, the giveaway? Because we're going to do two giveaways. We're going to
do some giveaways to people that comment in the comments and then anybody who wants
to, to email giveaway or, or sift to gold hat seeds dot at gmail.com. Just Google gold
hat seeds at gmail.com or do what London says.
Or plug an email down into the comments, not just the live chat, the comments. Maybe don't
plug your email in there. Comment in there as well. We'll track a couple of people and
pick them up.
Yeah, we'll track a couple of comments, but for the next week, like after the show is
done, I'm going to gather all the emails up that we get to gold hat seeds and I'm going
to get 20 different packs and send them to them. And I'm going to send the, the number
one, the first pick person's going to get, uh, some of my foundation genetics and a note
on how to do a particular project to get some really nice stuff.
So London, tell us about the giveaway, how you're going to do the part today.
Okay. So the giveaway for today that we're going to do, the one giveaway is a, is a draw.
So, um, what you're going to do is in a moment you're going to put, start collecting this
hashtag, the sift into the chat. And if you enter hashtag this sift into the chat, um,
we will do a draw in a moment. So we're going to wait for enough entries before we do that.
Uh, beforehand. So yeah, which is, which is a lot of fun. I see a few people entering
and it always takes a moment for them to catch up. Just second, my, my kid, my, my, I got
a, we were talking, you guys were talking about kids. I got one that's one and a half
right now. And essentially it's a timer between the time that I find her crawling on something
high up and the time that I put her on the ground. So I get about like maybe seven minutes.
So that's why I've been in and out of camera because I got to go run and grab a kid that's
figured out how to climb on something new. Um, so I got a few people entering. That's
good.
We got some people in there. So, and those people, uh, doc, are you, you got a pack you
could throw in for maybe the folks in the U S?
Oh buddy, I'm sure I can find something. I'm sure I can come up with something.
I'll definitely hook people up. Uh, both the ones on here and whoever emails the gold hat
seeds at gmail.com and I will do a separate after a week so they can watch this whole
show and the people that watch it afterwards and go, Oh darn, I wasn't able to be in that
first thing. Anybody who just says, uh, the sift or giveaway to that will all do a thing
and then give, send you guys out packs of seeds, some really nice stuff. Joe, you got
it.
Hey Ron, I'll do a private reserve out of something out of my personal bank.
Oh nice.
Oh, that'd be cool. I'm down. I'll throw a couple of packs at you.
Yeah, me too.
I got a few packs I can throw in.
So there you go. So we can probably give what 10 away today, uh, collectively and then I'll
Oh yeah.
All right. I want to get, and then at least
We sending stick shit to you Ron, is that what you want?
Uh, no, I guess, uh, you asked, yeah, just ask London what to do. Maybe we'll just send
them right to the winner or whatever. Uh, somehow.
Maybe we'll conglomerate them at Peter or we'll send them to the winner. We'll do that.
We'll figure that last part out after the show. Um, and I'll coordinate with everybody.
I guess we should have had that discussion before we got that far into this.
Yeah.
Leave about a pot smoking old man together and see what happens.
I got, I got seven and under 70 entries. I want to, I'd like to see a hundred that we
got one, we got just under 200 people in the, in the audience. I would like to see
a hundred people like, you know, enter the sift specifically.
Okay. Well, well, well then that, that for the hundredth, let's see how, what are you
going to have something special for the hundredth or, uh,
Oh no, no, no. It's just enough.
I won't be able to pick the hundredth person that won't happen.
I'll be able to one of the hundred people will win the prize.
Yeah. So, so we'll have 10 different, one, two, two, four, six, eight, 10, 10 different
prizes. That's pretty good. You got one out of seven.
Spread the wealth around since it's Christmas time. Let's spread some Christmas cheer where
you can show your brothers and sisters a little Christmas cheer this time of year, right?
Holiday cheer.
Yeah, it's going to be good. I'll tell you, I get to see my, you see my parents and grandparents
are parents and grandkids right after, right after new year. So I get to drive back to
the States. It's going to be great. I'm going to go visit Joe probably if possible. And
maybe I don't know where doc lives, but he's probably a long way from where you guys are.
Joe.
I won't.
Where's Joe?
And you know where I live, old man, you just happened to be.
No, no, no. Where's Joe live?
He's in Pennsylvania, right?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, we're way away from that.
He's going to Mendo. His boys are up there in the Mendo area.
Oh, shit. That's only like an hour from us.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I'm on the North end of Humboldt. I retired to get out of cannabis. Fuck, what a joke
that was. But anyway, I live on the North end of the county, but all my guys do work
on all on the South end of the county.
I lived in Arcata and boy, I'll tell you, I loved it. That was just.
I lived just North of it. Yeah. I live up in just up by Trinidad. Yeah. I live right
up by Trinidad. So we're retired to get it. It's for that reason, Ron, you know, the weather's
pretty nice year around and.
Beautiful.
I'm rolling a joint by my face is up here. I'm rolling another joint.
Well, yeah, Ron, did you live there?
I lived there in 1977 and 78. I worked at the Humboldt apartments and and was just like
a maintenance man over there. And we were growing weed out.
You were a youngster.
Yeah.
You were a youngster back then. Yes, you were.
Yeah. Lewiston Lake. We used to go fishing at Lewiston Lake and up the Trinity River.
We caught some big salmon out of the Trinity River and we used to have to bucket water
out of the river up to our plants. It was a I mean, I was in good shape.
Old school. Yeah, exactly. Now that was old school, too.
They need to get it right, Ron. Pack plants. That's how we used to do it.
Real outlaw back when we were kids. Pack your plants in wherever the hell you put your little
holes out to plant them out and then you pack the water and you pack all your nutrients,
everything you got to feed it. You packed them in.
And then you dry it and you try to keep it from getting stolen and you pack it out.
It was brutal. Get dropped off on the side of the highway and rendezvous once every two weeks.
Yeah, we had a big, big house.
We'll do that anymore if that's what it took to get in the game.
I don't think they would do that anymore.
Yeah, we had a big house just inland from Arcata and we had that whole entire two bedroom house
stuff full of trash bags, full of cannabis all the way to the roof out into the living room.
It was just ridiculous. That was the wild. That was the start of the Wild West.
Yeah, that was the Wild West. Yes, sir.
I mean, you can turn it into a reality show.
Wouldn't it be good if if if people could have a reality show about LPs, you know,
like on Discovery, like they do Gold Rush and everything, you know,
and do it, get a couple of LPs up here and do a do a go show like a Gold Rush.
It would be I'd watch it. It would be great.
Oh, they never show what's going on in these LPs.
Yeah, but they yeah, they would they would say to hell with that.
They don't want us around at all.
Yeah, no, they don't want to film what's going on.
They're wrong. Think about it.
Well, no, I know.
I can produce is a primarily going to oil.
Yeah. Right.
So historically, you're starting to see the quality change.
Some of the companies are able to start to, you know, get the process straight.
But up to this point, the majority of large scale operations, if you get to Torim,
when you're inside and you start having vision issues because the plants have so many
bugs on them that it looks like they're moving and it screws up your perspective.
I'm serious. Like, I know.
You know what I'm saying? Go see a couple of millions of grand foot canopy.
Right. And you're like, this shit is moving.
The mold, the mold, the mites.
Oh, God, I know.
And you expect to see pressure there.
There can't be perfection in a biological system.
There's always going to be movement.
And especially in big canopy, you're going to see areas that are prone to issues.
And you're going to that's what they're going to be where you have your detection points.
So you're always going to.
They're coming to us now, Kevin.
You know, the big guys that I'm talking to are coming.
They're asking me questions, mostly on SOP.
You know, they want genetics, but they want SOP.
How the hell do you do that?
And I did that with them a couple of weeks ago.
They're like, I looked right at the guy.
It's like, I know what you want.
You want that last 15 percent that you fucking guys can't get.
Yes, sir. We do.
What we want your SOP.
All right. Well, that don't come cheap.
No, but, you know, that's really your new product.
I mean, that's the irony.
Yeah, I am the market, sir.
Yeah.
The brand, the whole fucking nine yards.
And that's what the reality is, Kevin.
You know, if you're good at your own.
Yeah, no, you're you because you carry you.
You carry the skill that built the brands.
So if you're if you're if you're what someone says, like what's legacy like legacy means to be in hustle in the whole time.
So you should have been busy.
You get while you're in it.
You know why you're in it.
OK, you're you're I get it.
You know, he's a career hustler.
You know, they call me a career outlaw.
OK, well, that's fine.
You know, now it's turned out, you know, he was right.
Now I was right. You know, the plants where people really wanted.
They have the whole long.
If we had always been this way, we'd have as many people on opioids.
We'd have many of these people on alcohol.
All that stuff comes into play.
That means people smoking tobacco.
All those major industries.
Those are the ones that we're talking about that squishing out earlier that that's squishing out right there.
You know, they don't want that to happen at all.
All right.
Well, we got one hundred and two entries into the draw now.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Everybody ready. Last chance.
Last chance.
We got packs getting thrown in like with the super pack that we're putting down.
We got packs from everybody coming down on this one.
So don't don't miss out on this.
It's the SIF, not the SIF.
I know I typoed.
OK, everybody.
My typos are legendary.
So I got five, four, three, two, one.
Slime bucket.
Oh, Jason Garcia.
How are you doing, Jason Garcia?
Congratulations.
If you can shoot.
Can you speak up in the chat and give me your email, please?
And I will email you in a moment.
OK, and then I'll remove we will remove that.
OK, if you go ahead and do that.
Got Chucky.
Got Chucky is his logo.
Is that Chucky?
Looks like.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Weird doll, bro.
I'm glad somebody wanted it.
We'll just figure out.
You just tell us what to do.
You give me your email and I'm going to get your information, your contact information and your stuff.
So if you go ahead and type your email real quickly into chat, if you're not OK with that, I can give you my email and I can and you could you could write me an email, whichever one.
Yeah.
Or you could send it to gold gold hat seeds at Gmail dot com and I'll just send it to you on your phone.
There you go.
There you go.
Simple.
That's it.
Simple.
Simple.
Gentleman.
Nobody's dog dog.
And you were trying to sell your seeds.
Boy, I can't believe how many people try to get on my Web site and then try to sell other people seeds on the side.
You got to let people comment.
You got the comments.
The way it goes down, though, what do they say?
It goes down in the DMZ.
I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The minute you start to get any traction, there's a business that occurs.
Yeah.
The people that are following.
And I always trip out because this is dude that's on every single thing I'm involved in selling DMT and some other shit.
And he has this little thing he puts up.
Right. I mean, this fucking guy's working hard.
He doesn't miss a comment.
Every single comment I'm talking in.
I see this dude across the Internet and I'm like, whoever he is, man, or she, I fucking bow down because you are working scammer in history.
No one has covered this cat and a little finger pointing up.
You know what I mean?
It's just, oh, it's the new America.
You know what I mean?
Well, it's the world, but it's our it's our new reality, man.
That's the it's a strange fucking world, boy.
Yeah.
So the last night, the conversation, Kevin's getting down to this, man, he goes, man, because you're going to be like Jack Daniels.
All right.
I can work with that, man.
Yeah.
That whole Jack and Johnny thing.
What are the brands going to be left when it's all stand?
Oh, yeah.
Talking about, man, you know, how do you get out of alcohol?
Who are you going to be?
The ones of us are left that last less than 10 percent that are in the game now that legally above board man in the game trying to fight to fucking be in it.
And we're defining those rules right now.
That's cool.
It's good and bad, good and bad.
But you're definitely getting into cannabis and that triangle anymore because you want to think you want to grow cannabis.
Oh, I'm going to get in the game and be legal cannabis.
Then if those people are fucking out, they've been out for a while now.
So if you got it's a long game, you got to I and I don't even see it as a game like the world is a game to me.
It lets me mentally play in a lot of places.
Otherwise, I don't I don't think I belong here.
So if I can't keep my mind, it's not me.
But in cannabis, it's a love affair and it's one that I didn't ever intend to stop.
So, like, I don't know.
That's that's what I get hit up all the time.
Like you've done so much in this shit.
Like, when are you going to stop?
And I said, fuck, you need to stop.
I'm stopping a fucking dead.
It's not it's not about anything other than it's personal.
It's just that I really love being in cannabis.
And if I could have my fantasy, it would just be to work on my farm and sell the products for a reasonable price till I was too old to do it.
And then I would just be involved in it.
Like, I have a fantasy.
I just have to get that far so that I'm able to be able to live a life that when I saw people doing it here, I realized that's why they were so healthy.
Still, they were able to have a seasonality.
They worked hard for so many months of the year.
Then they had the winter off and they they ebb and flowed like the tide, you know, and I was just like, man, the quality of life that I saw in that group of people made me realize that that's where I needed to be because I needed to deal with the climate change.
I needed to see what it was like to be cold in the morning, have the shit kicked out in the middle of the day from the sun, be cold again at night, have to work in the rain.
To the degree that's not like slave labor, where you have to be in the rain every day of your life, because I know that too from being a kid.
So, like, it's it's our lifestyle that was so phenomenal in cannabis where you got to really have a relationship with them.
I can I let me understand why fucking farmers love farming, even when they don't make money.
I could never understand as a kid why farmers farmed if they were always going bankrupt.
I couldn't catch it until I became a weed grower and it became like I love the money, but I ended up falling in love with the weed as a cultivator in a way that was emotionally satisfying to me where I feel complete.
My relationship with the fucking inanimate object that doesn't communicate makes me a better person.
You know, and so it's yeah.
So, you know, there's that part of me there that I try to keep pure because that's that's my route.
And then you just got to kind of see all the other shit happening around you and try to move within these spheres so that you're able to still continue.
It's different.
And I, you know, we all want and I believe legalization, no matter how we see it financially, I still no matter what, I would always be an advocate for it.
And it wasn't about the criminal shit, because to me, like, that's part of the fucking game.
Take the risk. You want to play in this game.
There's a fucking price.
So I have no I get nothing about that one with legal.
What I got with legal is people that are medically needy that I saw die because they were too ashamed to come and get medicine quick enough.
And when I saw that for that, I still see it.
But when I saw it intensely for that 11 year period where it was fucking nonstop realization, it changed my view on all of it.
And I just said, look, whether it's going to fucking beat me up financially or not, I can't say out loud.
My financial status is more important than all of you people being able to still be alive.
The the act that's the cannabis, it has to happen.
And the idea that everyone is bold isn't true.
But that doesn't mean you're not good just because you're you're you're more law abiding, just because you're a little more mainstream doesn't mean you're not a fucking supernaturally good human being that's bringing value all over the place.
And you choose not to break the law to so that you're maintaining this goodness that you've been taught.
That's what I saw. I saw all these mainstream people that were just getting brutalized through legal medicine.
And when they finally got into the cannabis system, they were shells of their former selves and they were basically fucking begging for fucking anything before they died or for the kid died or for the wife died.
And it was so horrific to see in person because I had never been exposed to that kind of shit.
I saw a lot of struggle, but I didn't see that.
That's why we did it, though, Kevin.
We're talking so pre to to 15, why we were getting our asses beat and doing what we were doing is because we were around people that were dying and needed it more.
If I had been my personal connection in the early 80s, I wouldn't be where I am.
You know, it's been about the medicine more than it's ever been about anything else.
And it sure as hell is about the craft as another definer of craft.
Man, we're all about the plant. We're about mother ganja first.
You know, not about the bottom line and capital gains.
That's for fucking sure.
That wasn't the way in New England, though, Doc. New England was.
It was it was to me, it was the most benign of the criminal activities that was around me.
So I could have went career thief or I could have went confidence.
I could have went violent crime like any of the other choices that were around me.
What I noticed was the weed dealers were the happiest.
And in my mind, I mean, when you came to Humboldt, though, you were coming away and wanted to get away from all of that.
I know I was in the game in the Bay Area.
I was like my I was I was deep in the game in the Bay Area, but in the urban game.
So when I came to Humboldt, it was I was already seasoned.
I just still hadn't had any interaction with people that were that were because nobody.
What I learned is nobody wants to really admit that they're ill and they have a problem because who the fuck wants to walk around talking about that.
And so we didn't want you to know who we were, either.
We're not outside of a mountain somewhere. We didn't want anybody to know who we were.
Why? Because they were going to throw your ass in prison if they caught you.
So we created a separation that didn't allow you to really learn how people needed your product.
And then you didn't learn what your product did.
And I was fortunate that I ended up bumping into medical people and I ended up getting in the medical industry.
But I was able to start to get an understanding from people who were just serving people and they would just explain.
And people just seem to benefit from in these ways.
And it allows them to take away other problems.
And then once I got involved in it as a storefront and I had them coming through my hands, then all of a sudden the honesty was complete because they weren't they had no reason to hide.
And so to me, the legalization, you have to have it so that you get rid of the the the the stigma for people who need it.
That was the attempt with 215, though.
Yeah, yeah.
It was just about 26 years ago or going on 27 now.
You know, it's like it's almost three decades since 215 was enacted in California.
We were the most one.
OK, northern the northern half of the state and more specifically the triangle.
Again, we were the ones that were growing all the flower for the bay.
You know, various only going down, down south.
That's how that's OK.
Let's even a little bit more.
You know, when you look at it all, that that market that created all has been completely obliterated.
Man, the people that got even why we're even allowed to be on legal cannabis, as we know it, is like that original path of how it was brought forward.
So a secondary thought with everything that's happened since 64 in this state.
You know, and that's the truth of it.
We watch this complete come in disregard for what used to be a very sacred thing, because what Kevin was talking about, you know, we're doing this for medicine, for people that are really and really seriously in need.
And it's always been that recreational side to it.
But I was never really in that thread and didn't get into it only because of what my patent guys are telling me I had to do a few years ago.
This is the reality of what cannabis has turned into now and what I think like what Russ and London and Joe are doing.
You know, they're going to be I'm going to be dust in the wind and Jordan may still be here.
But, Ron, you know, you and I'll be gone, but there'll be three old, old ball headed, gray haired old man.
And that's what I'm hoping we're doing.
And, you know, you're passing it forward correctly where there's a core collective group that give a fuck about Mother Ganja over anything else.
I think true craft breeders give a fuck about Mother Ganja over anything else.
In my humble opinion.
She's the mother plant for all herbal medicine.
She like is like the cornerstone to understand that plants are medicine.
In my opinion, that's what she was in South American culture.
She's the female side because there's always a duality.
So you can't have just we can't tear something in half and have one piece.
Right.
So cannabis is feminine.
And then Coca was the masculine.
Oh, interesting.
That's a good combo.
Food is the feminine.
Corn is the masculine.
So they they saw this.
I mean, I get an education.
I get to spend enough time in Colombia with some brilliant Colombians.
Got your ass educated, didn't you?
It was incredible.
And it made me feel like a real barbarian because I and I am like, I'm a fucking barbarian in the game.
And every time I just know how little I know.
Right.
Even the fact that we smoke it in a joint and don't smoke it in hashish form or something like that, that we have the green bar burning.
That's completely offensive in some areas that I learned by acid.
I didn't know what the fuck I was doing either.
Slaves smoke pot.
You know what I mean?
Like it's heavy that stigmatize shit.
And so but a lot of it was about that duality.
And they talked about how when I was I was I was I was hanging out with the dude that they had a villa there for 200 years and they were plant collectors.
And he had all these crazy ethnobotanical collections of all the medicine plants from the Amazon.
And they had all these Colombians there that we were talking about the history of plant collection in Colombia and how all these incredible things had moved down from Brazil, from Venezuela, through the rainforest.
And they collected all these things people had noticed and and had chosen them over time.
And they said that the two master plants were really coca because it allowed it was a superfood to them.
It wasn't about the bronchial stimulation and the altitude suppression as much as the fact that when you chewed that plant, the thing he said was, you take a bag of this and some water.
You don't need to eat for two weeks.
And I said that.
Well, that's kind of common with all cocaine, really.
But it wasn't about that effect.
It was the fact that there was so much nutrients available in the leaf when you chew it, that when you buy a bag of cocaine leaf in Colombia, it comes with the nutrient breakdown on the package.
It's amazing.
It tells you what and there's different different cuts of cocaine.
Right. Oh, man.
This is rad.
I'd like to see the Pablo's cut where Pablo in Venezuela hybridize it and extract the 40 percent greater alkaloid recovery.
I mean, I was tripping out because I'm not familiar with that culture, but it was about plants in general and how they had collected all these plants and how they saw that there was these sacred relationships between plants.
And in in that South American culture, at least in Colombia, it was this these four prongs of your life health where you you had coca and cannabis, corn and quinoa.
And it gave you a food supply.
It gave you cannabis for spirituality.
The coca kept you able to handle the altitude, but it was an incredibly nuanced and micronutrient.
So you got sustainment as a human organism.
I mean, I tripped out, man.
I realized how far we had gone the wrong way because they saw it so simply.
And it's how people would have seen it in the past where it doesn't have to be so manufactured.
Yeah, it's really interesting.
It's all C's too.
It's four C's.
Coca, cannabis, quinoa.
Oh, well, no.
Q. Sorry.
Yeah.
No, that's that's interesting, though.
It was.
One time I bought a pound of coca leaves off the Internet from this place called the World Co-op.
They're no longer available.
And I just chewed it, you know, with a little baking soda.
It's the best energy.
Like the plant, the raw plant medicine is the best energy source there is.
It's great, especially if you grew up in the mountains, right?
You're eight, nine thousand feet and you're working on a project.
Holy.
And so you this stuff is a beautiful stimulant because it's it less jittery than coffee.
Yeah, exactly. I don't.
Coffee messes me up, man.
Like I'll feel like weird, like headache, sort of dehydration, body fatigue.
It's strange.
It's a strange thing.
But just the coca leaf is great.
It would be great to have that as a medicine medicinal plant.
Yes. So cannabis was the divine female.
So interesting.
Huh?
Yeah.
I talked to friends that are like over where poppies are grown out on scale over in the Middle East and stuff.
And that's where they think saying the same thing.
You know, their plant where it's been obliterated to where it's at, what they did to the coca leaf on and obliterated it as they moved it one more step.
And I think the same thing with the flower is right.
Because I don't know anything about that either.
I only know like I was able to spend time with people that were from the super sacred origins.
You know, get in that interior mountains and stuff.
That's a very sacred plant to them, more so than that narcotic as it turns into the United States or into Western countries, that whole thing.
So, yeah, it's really fascinating.
So let's go back to telling some war stories.
You guys think about from days of days of old, that whole kind of thing.
I was thinking about getting flown back in the day.
You know, we used to say that I get flown every day.
I'm actually seeing them with the airplane as they go flying by.
Oh, yeah.
You can feel the wind.
If you got glasses.
And they realize they see you.
They look on their face like, oh, shit, they're right there.
Yeah, that was.
You were talking about hiding some shit, Ron, like in a pool or something.
Yeah.
And my buddy had a big, giant, old above ground pool.
And I went and looked up pool company name and there was a company called Pool King.
And so I went and got an entire fucking roll, a big, giant roll of remey.
And we use PVC and we framed it.
And I wrapped that top of that fucking pool with that remey that you couldn't see through.
But I had stenciled on the top of it in blue fucking letters Pool King.
So it looked like it was the car for a fucking pool.
And we went right through that.
We were like, because the helicopters were fucking aggressive for a while.
And we talked about, you can do shit like that where you're using your mind to set it up, man.
We would set up patches alongside the freeway where they were like poison oak and tricker fields
that no one could penetrate.
And we would sneak in from the back and I would bring pole saws in.
And when trucks went by, we'd have one guy watch.
And when the truck went by, I'd run the pole like chainsaw and I would saw all the branches out of the trees.
So we would spend all day just sawing branches out of trees because we would wait till the tractor trailer truck drove by
so that nobody would hear the chainsaw connected to the saw.
And we would clean up these fucking patches so we could put them all over the place
so that no matter what they took, you always had more patches.
So like you were waking up in the morning to grow dope every day.
That was the only thing you were doing was grow weed.
It was fucking great.
I remember finding some along the freeway by where one of the ditches run the water underneath
and somebody planted a plant there.
It was just gigantic, all vegged out.
I don't know anybody could finish it there, but somebody had to plant it there.
Cops going by and everything.
I'm a little surprised that Jordan was where there was actually trucks was in by cutting branches out.
But that's kind of funny.
We were always back in the mountains to fucked up nowhere.
Helicopters flying and planes flying all the time.
It was like we got blown every day.
I mean, literally every day during the season.
101 corridor and the 162 going east, going inland and the canyons in Mendocino.
That's the staging ground for Camp and Comet back in the day.
That was a staging ground for them right there on that highway exchange.
I used to put in operations everywhere.
Once I lit up something somewhere, everybody that knew that person would have me light up an operation.
I was installing jobs all over the place.
And it was just because every operation you'd have to really change your entire demeanor to go to the location.
So you'd have different rigs and you'd have different clothes and different times.
But when you went in, I don't care what building you I was walking into a warehouse.
As soon as you went in there, you went through that false entry that I would create.
So you could come into a space that looked like a waiting room.
As soon as you got through that, the rest of this thing was gutted and grow.
Because people were having money issues and they were like, look, we don't care if you cut all the walls out of the house.
Just spark up the fucking building, make the money, give up the money and then we can redo the construction.
And I had a constructive background.
So I would come in and peel these fucking places out.
But inside neighborhoods, in buildings.
And as soon as you start making money for people in that regard, you just kind of always have work.
And so much of the weird shit I did wasn't my shit.
Because it was, but it was, I wouldn't say I was addicted to the adrenaline of it.
But I was always fascinated with the challenges because each project...
It is, we're all adrenaline jockeys.
Yeah, but I don't think so.
I don't think it was adrenaline as much, man.
Because I'm not jumping out of fucking planes every day.
And I mean, I did a bunch of high speed shit, but I think really I liked the project being difficult.
It mentally kept me...
Oh, hiding it was the part though.
I think what, hiding it, man.
So, you know, putting in the back of a room where nobody knew it was there and have offices in front of it.
But then nobody had space.
Right.
Hiding buildings.
Where no one's sticking it to the man.
Yeah, you're...
Sort of, sort of, even more so just because the pound price was so lucrative back in that time period.
You know, pre-215 it was stupid, man.
That was really a game changer after 215 really changed it around.
But pre-215 the game was a much different game back then.
Like what Kevin is referring to.
Super, super stealth.
If you were working indoors, man, you sure as hell didn't want anybody to know it.
The technology that we developed now is what's changed it all.
You know, a lot of it.
Plant count was huge.
People tripped out.
I put a clone operation in for somebody.
And they said, hey, we have a barn.
You know, we want to do a clone operation.
I said, great, I'll install one and then we'll do the terms.
And so I put the operation in, I get it running.
And then the dude asked me, he goes, hey, how many plants do we got in the building?
And I said, I don't know, probably like 11,000.
And this poor dude fell to his knees.
I mean, like fell to his knees and had a fucking heart attack because 11,000 plants is fucking death sentence, right?
And I just didn't quite like when he said, you know, we're going to put a clone operation.
And I assumed that he wanted a clone operation.
And it was just, I remember the look on his face.
I mean, he changed color.
He was having a nervous fucking breakdown in the barn.
And we had to go and break the whole system back to a level he could emotionally handle.
And what was that number?
What was that number?
About a thousand, you know, because what it was, was the money.
The money was able to sway his.
And thousands still get you charged for a kingpin offense.
Oh yeah, you still got a problem.
You still equally go into prison, man.
You know, like a thousand, ten thousand.
What the fuck, man?
Let's grow some plants, man.
But it just was too much.
We know there, there was at the, prior to the 215 era type shit, even prior to like Choco Cans, you had to have a full pair of balls to grow dope because you really couldn't hide every drop of the identity.
And you could use anything you wanted, but the bottom line was you were having to try to figure out how to create a situation that lets you work with it.
And when I was lighting up all these people's spots, come around like week five, man, all of a sudden emotional breakdowns would go down because it was funny.
Cause I, I was hoping Simon was going to be here because I got some AK 47 out of Holland when they first released it.
And I F2'd those packages.
We had a, we had an 80 lighter up in Blocksburg.
And so we had 80 lighted diesel up in Blocksburg and we, we, I F2'd it.
I opened up the whole population under those 80 lights.
So it let me really take a look at, at a good selection.
And we pulled out an AK 47 that was so loud.
Like I, to this day, I wish I had it cause it was so penetrating.
It was so, so fucking loud.
It just carried a scent through a wall and anyone.
And so that was the one you wanted to grow.
But the problem was that anybody that grew it, that, that wasn't living out in the Hills or the woods or in a isolated space, or it was impossible for them to emotionally handle the crop.
They couldn't take the stress.
Yeah.
They would check your, we had to rent a facility next to a welding shop so that we could run power from the welding shop over to run our lights.
Because the power company was telling the government who's, who's using way too much power for whatever facility.
Yeah. We would set them up as pottery businesses.
I would go down to the Bay, right?
So there was a time when all these cats that were like Oakland, the Oakland crew, the Bay area crew were buying off us in quantity for years.
And then they said, Hey, we want to really start growing ourselves too.
And I was like, we had built great relationships.
We all had made plenty of money.
And I was like, dude, I said, I'll go down to the Bay and we'll start putting operations in for you guys.
And the way we set it up was under pottery, because what you do is you would go to a wholesale pottery business and you buy pallets of big pots and you could just put them out in front of the business.
And then you'd get a, a pottery sign that you would hang on the wall of the business.
And then we would have, and he put the drop in, right?
And then I would come in and then fucking wire this shit out and build all these grows in them.
But it allowed us to cover up really good.
And we'd be cracking up because people would be knocking, looking to see if they could do pottery business and stuff.
And you had to have a receptionist, but it allowed you to conceal what you were doing and explain, you know, why you had a couple hundred lights cooking.
Right. Yeah.
Cause that electric kiln, right.
It was like the way they cook.
Yeah.
The welding.
It can't be manufacturing.
Manufacturing doesn't use electricity.
Automotive shops, I put them in automotive shops, welding shops, things like that.
Anything is a lumber mills, even anything that's a high voltage.
That's another good one.
Take notes, kids.
OG knowledge.
Build shit in, man.
That's in my own home here.
I mean, when I was retired here, man, but I've got my personal down in the basement.
I have a wood shop that's got its own panel with 80 off to its side.
I can have my own little thing to do in my basement.
And that's how this is set up.
My own backyard, man.
I didn't remove this wall that I'm sitting literally on top of until, man, about seven years ago.
I broke the wall open.
You have to dip through what Kevin talked about.
You have to dip through around and step, man.
Also you disappear coming in behind a bookcase.
That's bad people in my wood shop downstairs and they didn't know I fucking grow.
It was on 800 feet.
It's back to that side of his home.
My indoor, you know, my personal for our group if I can ever in a day.
So anyway.
Yeah, Kev, I got a, I just talked to Simon this morning.
He's over in Spain and seeing his wife's family.
And he's going to get me some AK 47 from his personal stash.
They go way back.
I'll send you half whatever he said.
I'm telling you, he's I wanted.
I really wish I could have talked to him because when I talk about when I when I talk about the Dutch invasion, I use him as an example of thoughtful breeding.
Yes.
And there's a and there's a there's a couple of guys.
There's Dwight that worked with Neville.
And Dwight is a thoughtful breeder, too, where he's a consummate professional.
And and Simon from that era to me represented a thoroughness in his initial selection that allowed there to be something that went 20 years into the future where what you had was you had the and he could swing the population, meaning that if we if he wanted to compete as what we call a city, but he could he could compete in any category.
He had chosen such good parental stock in that initial selection with AK 47 that it it pipe and it moved.
And when I went through that initial population is when I really understood it, because I got to look at 80 lights worth of it.
Right. So when you when you have to a couple packs and now you have thousands to look through, it let me get a pretty good idea of what I was seeing.
And what I saw was some some stunning, unique cannabinoid profiles that there was.
I wish we had the lab to access them because it would have to been some some odd THC V numbers because it made people tremor and shake when they hit the joint.
It made the body convulse and they would always come up and ask me, did you lace that shit?
And I'm like, no, no, it's the fucking weed.
I just smoke pot.
But it was it was just a reflection.
So when people talk about, you know, like shoddy practices and stuff, to me, he was the standard of that time for selection, where his parental selection choices reflected in the duration of that demand for that line.
Just like just like Neville and Dwight, where Dwight was a lead breeder for the seed bank.
But these guys put when they selected the right males, the right females for these projects, the quality went through.
You didn't have to go through a thousand.
I go through populations of plants and I'm like, who the fuck selected the parents?
Because this shit is all over the place and it's bunk.
And they could go through people who did the selection right.
And you can find quality in a 15 pack.
Like, that's the whole point.
You shouldn't have to go through a hundred to look for something decent.
Yeah, I do six packs.
And if you don't get at least two in there that are just outstanding, I've done a bad job.
Yeah, you're unhappy.
And to me, that's what I used as like standards of stabilized practice, where instead of releasing so many things, spend the time getting enough research and development.
And that way, what you're doing is you're creating something that transcends time.
And I had never had a chance to meet him or talk to him in person.
But we'll change that.
We'll change that.
I'd always been impressed with that process that he went through.
And the same thing when I talked to Dwight, Dwight's the same.
These are just guys that were in a different era because of that heat of that 90 Dutch scene.
Yeah.
And a couple of them chose to do some work that they changed the game in a really positive way.
He's a real sweet, soft-spoken gentleman.
And you'd love talking with him.
I'll shoot you his number.
We'll get on a show, just you, me and him or something, and let you guys have at it.
You would love it.
Oh, get Doc on there too, man, because I'm telling you, Doc.
Yeah.
This is the old genetics right here.
Are you a producer, Joe?
Yeah.
Are you a seed producer, Joe?
Yeah.
No, I'm a robber, because it would be wonderful to be.
It's nice to have different people together in a conversation because it allows questions to be asked that you wouldn't.
Sure.
So for me, I love being on panels because it lets me hear some weird shit that makes my mind trigger.
Sure.
I appreciate everybody.
We're running a little at the end of two hours.
And I think that's what he said was a maximum.
But man, I love all you guys.
you guys. I love that you took the time Russ and Doc and Kevin, Joe, all you guys. It was
good to talk. I want everybody out there to have a Merry Christmas and, and, and, uh,
what should we do London about saying goodbye? Do you want to let me back next year for two
more seasons? And we're going to do the same structure, like eight to nine episodes with
a big season finale like this, where we bring everybody back. Um, so we got 21 episodes
coming out next year. So don't miss out on those. We're going to take a little bit of
a break, organize some things so we can make stuff come up. And then also make sure after
the show to go into the comments and say something that you enjoyed about the show. Cause we'll
have people prowling in there, picking out names to potentially do some other giveaway
items as well. So those would be two things that would be important. I think we should
give a opportunity for each guest to like, let us know where we can find, follow and
support them as well as we know what to look up for each of them in the new year or, or
what pat even better, what pack of beans would you, would you be buying your best friend
for Christmas? Um, you know, like what, what would that be? Cause that, that, that's always
a fun little fact. Pick a pick an order London. Who's going to go first? Well, let's go in
order. So Joe Dree, Doc Ray, Ron, Joe, and then Russell. So that means Kevin's first.
What, what, what, what are you asking me? What if I was to go get a pack of seeds right
now, what I would want to give to a friend? Yes. And where we can say so that, and where
can we support you and find you and, and the community come to support you in any way?
Oh shit. I think I fuck around with a lot of stuff, but, um, I'll be honest, man, I
get to smoke some of the black that, that, that, uh, that Apple from Zellig too. I would,
I would, I would, I think that I think that I would buy someone a bag of Doc shit right
now. It's just, it's a really nice spot and you can, you can, you can just, just look
up Kevin Joe dream. Um, we just sit down and I guess don't we, we got to go cross man.
Savage is telling me that orange cream destroying it right now to another one of the old man's
specialties. So yeah, but yeah, just Kevin, you know, it's, you can look me up that I
just use my name on it's wherever I'm at. You know, I don't really do a lot of my own
content. I do a lot of my own work, but with content, I participate in other people's platforms
because then it lets me, um, be, be part of cool shit. And I really enjoyed you having
me on the show, London. And I'm glad that me and Ron got to connect and shit in Canada
and then get to be honest. And I want to thank Russ and Joe and doc for the being on the
show tonight and being the end of the season. So thank you so much.
Great. And doc, what's your, what's your, what seeds are you going to give to somebody?
Oh man. I think I've, I've, I've really liked my buddy that's directly below me stuff that I got
from him here a couple of months ago. I'm excited to open some of Russell's stuff and play with what
he's working with. So that's what I, if I was going to pick something, they'd probably be out
it. My brother, the down directly below me, uh, brother paces library of what he has found.
It's all looks pretty good. So
where can we support you and, uh, going forward doc?
Um, honestly, if you want to find me and actually sit down with me, you can find me at crisp lounge
and Eureka that we're finishing the final touches on that, uh, masterpiece of an indoor consumption
lounge. Uh, on Broadway where the old Aaron rents, have you been in Eureka in the last
year? I saw that. I was really cool out outdoor art on it. Yeah. It looks good.
When is, when are you going to open that? Oh my God. It'll be sometime in the spring.
It was supposed to have been, it's supposed to have been two months ago, but you know,
permitting and Eureka is insane. So, but yeah, that's a good location. That's a good spot.
It will be a great location. Once we get it up, up, up and open, what we will have is the first
indoor consumption lounge where you can actually smoke inside. It's been a fortune putting up
filtration under the, the room, you know, where we have to be at the lounge, but the lounge is going
to be set up very much like a speakeasy with a pool table and chairs, very comfortable chairs and a,
a juice bar with custom mocktails and all kinds of groovy stuff. And you'll actually be able to
come there and have hand rolled for you right there. The flower with the skin, with your
choice of crutch that you might like paper glass synthetic, we're going to have a wide selection
of that kind of cool stuff. So you get to come hang out with me too, around four 20,
every afternoon, a couple of times a week, all you'll find my old butt there.
And it will help support the project and make Chris lounge go, which is the home of DRG and
curbside dock in Bentley. All my brands for Humboldt County. That's where you can find me at.
If you want to support my brand in California, you're not in Humboldt County, any place you
find, which I love the shit out that you said, the pottery thing, man, I met all the pottery
locations and all the pharmacy locations in California by my gear there as well and support my
turps by dock and Bentley brand. And more importantly, for just a minute, while I did
it as a breeder is like where my blue skunk is at. That's my post-traumatic stress plant. And
that's my veterans choice line. That will also be in all of those great locations in California
to support that program, which helps us get flour into the hands of veterans in need. That is a huge,
huge, big portion of why I'm even sitting here right now. It wasn't to do recreational cannabis,
but was to do medicinal cannabis or post-traumatic stress therapy, specifically my
flour that helps keep some of my blown up, but still here in the game. I have that flower coming
out in a veteran's choice cannabis, and it is, we'll be at all of those locations as well coming
out in the spring too. When you support that as a civilian, it allows them to be able to give flour
to a veteran in need when they walk in the door. And if you are in that community, we are a very
proud community. We would never ask for it for free. Okay. Just remember that.
All right. Well, as a pack, I would probably get, give somebody the blue yellow bud. It's
kind of close to what Doc's MedStrain is. It's like, it's something that's, it's put me to bed
at night a lot. And so I'm very thankful for that. And I also have a white runs project I've been
working at. I went six different ways with white runs and made something and that would be fun.
So, and how you can support me is just look at goldhatseeds.com. And if you want to get into the
giveaway that we're going to do, just email goldhatseeds at gmail.com and we'll put you on
that list too. And there's going to be, I'm going to spread the gifts around. So instead of all to
one, I'm going to take them and put like five packs to first place and then put the last 15
packs to the next 15 in line. So everybody gets a little something. Joe, you're next.
I would give, first of all, I direct people to find us at Atlas Seed. Atlasseed.com is where
you can support us. My partner, Adam and I, we really enjoy the, I would say the Wookiee Burger,
which is a, which is a name we came up with that we, for a washing strain that we really like.
It's, it's indoor. We've done a lot of the breeding indoors for it. It's, it's a,
it's a Han Solo, it's a cut of Han Solo hash plant crossed with double burger,
crossed again with a selection of Oreos that we really liked. And it just, it really throws
numbers down in that five to 6%, which isn't great, but, but is solid enough. And it's got a,
it's got a really beautiful, savory flavor to it when you smoke it as well. It's almost like,
it almost has this like umami kind of flavor to it, which is, which is just really nice and it's
unique. And that's what I'm, that's what I would give to a friend. And that's the pack. And we'll
probably, we'll throw in another pack of that too, to the giveaways as well. What about you?
Russell's next. You're muted Russell. You're next. Oh, thanks. Yeah. I appreciate it. Okay.
Well, I don't know. I got, there's so many seeds out there. It's hard to pick.
In the future, I would say I got, I was gracious enough to be gifted some seeds,
some Afghan seeds from Kevin and this Mexican Columbian cross from Doc. That's like a one to
one. So I'm kind of interested in like combining those and that will be a fun sort of old world
combo that I think would be a fun gift to give out. I have some, I have some seeds that I'm
I have some, I'm a, I'm a Hayes nut. I don't know. Hayes works well with me. So I've made
some crosses with the honey bananas and a few of Piff Coast's crosses, Piff Coast sour D. So
I probably give that pack out. That, that, I don't know. That would be a fun one.
Yeah. And yeah. What the hell was the other question? Oh yeah. Right. So right.
The part I always forget, man, I gotta get, stay on point. You'll find me most days on Instagram,
unfortunately at cha.education. Like Kev says, it always goes down in the DM. So just hit me up.
I'm usually generally available or you can go hop on the website. Also cha.education. You can
sign up to be a member and you know, learn about a bunch of organic agricultural practices and
memberships also get free seeds with the sign up. So, and then you, the website's got a bunch of,
you know, seed seeds you can look at too. So that's basically it from my end,
deep in the heart of Humboldt County, wishing you guys all a happy holidays, Merry Christmas,
and much success with the plant. Yes, sir. We'll see you next Saturday. Okay.
Okay. London, that's it. So you're going to, can you say goodbye everybody? And we'll,
we'll put the intro to the outro until next season. Yes. My child is screaming, so I won't
mic up. Okay. Thank you everybody. It's great to see you come back next season. Thank you,
Doc. Thank Russ, Kevin, you're gone, but thank you. You guys have all been consummate professionals.
I love you all and we'll get together soon. Merry Christmas to everybody. Merry Christmas.
